[Music]
[Applause]
and and you know the people that are
gonna go up against you right you know a
bloodthirsty they are like nothing's
gonna stop them nothing stuff if you're
on the way well you better get out of
the way before it's too late
what made you decide to handle on I
taking a break and a leave the way that
you did which was to be pretty open
about what was going on and also you
didn't seem that concerned concerned
about what that meant for your longevity
as a team daughter asks for a lot of
time it asks for all your time more or
less
and if somebody doesn't want to spend
their time doing something well
everybody should have the freedom to do
what they want and yeah we set ourselves
this crazy goal or winning the
International so once that's achieved
what do you want to do and then well a
lot of us wanted to play right away and
Anna decided that he's not ready to play
like he again wanted to self-reflect
spend some time at home and that was
that and how how meaningful is it to be
able to come and play ti and play in
front of a different audience with it
being in Shanghai and in China for the
first time there's so many things about
this ti that are different from last
year's it's a new audience where you
were a different team probably I mean we
grew we're gonna play against 17
different teams that are very good at
the game
the Chinese audience is there I've
always admired how the fervor like
they're gonna root for the teams that
they're gonna decide to root for as most
likely gonna be the Chinese teams and
they're one of the very few audience
they're also roots against the teams
that are trying to defeat their their
favorites and it's rough sometimes he
gets rough I remember my first
tournaments in China sometimes it was
overwhelming I was it was getting to me
I was like well but they're actually
chanting against me or they're booing me
or it has happened not always but it
happens it's part of it it's competition
right I mean let's say we had a
tournament in France and this would
happen I'll be like yeah you're cheering
up
you know tre cheer me up see I'm Francia
that's not gonna happen I need to get
over that one day man one day we just
keep the game alive long enough yeah all
the other nations will fall and France
will be the last one standing and you'll
get
doesn't need to be a world weird noble
we're just talking about the feasibility
of the LTI happening France which is
good options nothing more that's about
the only option that we have is there
anything else that you want to add to
fans of OG and fans of dota just in
general just about where we are right
now sitting here getting ready for TI 9
just remember why you sat down to play
for the first time and why you keep
sitting down to play I mean maybe you
forget along the way I have forgotten
along the way but it's a game that I
truly love and I'm sure that I'm not the
only one there's so many players just
the good parts again focus on the
positivity enjoy the games enjoy your
teammates don't queue for the next game
if you're in a bad mood and you know
it's gonna be a bad game q if you're
looking for the fun if you're looking
for something good if you're looking for
that nice game or nice experience and
that doesn't mean winning some of the
best games are still spent losing and
yeah some people get caught up in that
as well play for play for fun have fun
enjoy it thank you guys yeah welcome
play for fun says the flower himself in
his amazing advice it is great you
shouldn't he do that playing for
millions of dollars also great if you
can do that I definitely advise that as
well as we have got a match coming up
that is millions of dollars but I don't
think these teams are looking at it like
that we got eg vs. og coming up but
let's put that aside for a second
because there's been another competition
going on and that is the one for the
Arcana will it be ogre will be win
Ranger let's find out
[Applause]
[Music]
select you get to keep your job I am
very happy for you
she got trashed oh boys
fake boys thick boys for life I love you
ogre I love this community we're always
right Casey we did it we are ogre Magi
all of us today this blessed day thank
you yeah all right we actually have
Jake's reaction live as well for when
the vote was done
he definitely is a very very happy buddy
now the question is will he would he
have actually quit yeah he would have he
would have yeah the one thing I know
about slacks is like the only thing that
really affects him is the community and
I think you would have been seen as like
a sellout or something like that so he's
got to do it oh god I've made a lot of
problems I've never ate talk to your
doctor he's like yeah you can't do that
yeah I'm gonna say you know I voted
windranger but I'm happy either way cuz
okay I rather have a lot of ogres in my
in my games been a lot of windranger
well have I got the tournament for you
shiver the International 2019 you're
gonna see nothing but ogre the zero is
dominating the charts I don't know what
kind of concept are gonna go with three
heads smart Oh ger can be very
terrifying I can't wait however we have
to wait for a while and we also have to
talk about something coming up we have
oh jee vs EG coming up and that matchup
you know we're gonna break it down in
case you're new to donut which I know
there's a lot of people just tuning in
for the first time and there's a lot of
history between these two teams
Oh multiple fronts but a tsunami you
want to break down the most recent one
the most obvious one the one that
everyone always knows of it's a super
major trauma if you let me take you back
a little over a year no tell fly
brothers-in-arms for as long as you
could imagine they played a honda gether
they came into the DOTA community
together they briefly separated when
their separate ways they came back
together and then it all fell apart two
weeks before two week before before the
super major right after you sell
Birmingham which if you haven't seen it
I highly recommend another documentary
that og recently released which kind of
shed some light on it but two teammates
almost nearly family members with how
close they were they separated and after
that it's it's just been just been drama
ever since not necessarily but that's
the way that we like to look at
yes better OG one Tieg got third they
both did extremely well Arizer no you
know they would have done not as well if
they were the original og spot or well
it is time for these two former friends
to take the stage here at the
International 2019 let's get them on
[Applause]
[Music]
evil geniuses will take the stage here
as they get ready for us an important
match winning here would guarantee them
top three finish and we know that they
the top three and get to first but they
have to beat a top foot first
Oh Jean had been there
will it be their road bucket again we're
gonna find out
that's oh gee and we'll take into the
pond
[Applause]
oh gee taking the stage here indeed to
the defendant
during the opening ceremony policing
that ages
[Applause]
as a remembrance of that achievement but
they are not done yet they would like to
be the first to TI's in a row would that
be a tremendous tremendous achievement
that would be all that would be unheard
of it would be we have never had that
before we've never had 4p champions let
alone back-to-back yeah it's crazy I
mean most people going into the tea is
that they just want honestly don't look
that good it might have been honestly eg
after ti5 right they gwyne to ti6
looking okay and now oh gee they're so
close to top three one more match right
it's pretty insane yeah well there's a
lot to talk about when we look at these
two teams and obviously you know you got
the no-till and fly story but I want to
focus on something else you got top so
you got to mail to winter kids that
basically have one TI first try you know
you come to TI a young kid ain't like
okay you know what I'll take it they
they both did and they're gonna face
each other how important is this matchup
for you in this game so in Korea in
StarCraft we actually have a term for it
it's called if you win the first major
in your first ever try you're considered
a royal roader your royal roader yeah no
one else's what you you are a royal
roader it's like the highest distinction
there's not many yeah it means like one
of one you were the best at the time
it's such an impressive feat too because
often times like at T eyes you want that
veteran experience and here both of
these guys were able to win it in their
first go
it almost warps your perception it's
like ah that was easy you just kind of
stroll in and win you're like okay I
guess that was no big deal and I feel
like that's stuck with them since
especially for a guy like sumail I think
that gave him unheard of confidence and
I feel like for Thompson it's done
something similar cuz the way that this
guy plays and he's completely fearless
yeah it was how dominant they did it to
her I like sumail was definitely the
best player at that ti and tops and on
pills say I mean a lot of people want to
go with Anna but Thompson very rarely
like played poorly and that is insane
they didn't just get carried so somebody
but time I meant said recently he said
Thompson is probably like the player
that might lose his Lane the most but
he's also like the player that will just
when you the game the most as well he
does it all
he does all the little things correctly
like he plays the game the right way his
laning mechanics are like whatever
because he plays very weird heroes that
often loses Lane but he'll make the game
winning place that seems highly
reminiscent of the critiques people had
about Ana's early era into og whenever
they were winning majors and stuff like
that they're all just like I just keeps
losing but somehow they keep winning and
that's sometimes what a team takes
clearly no-till and stab know how to
take advantage of a player who
sacrifices himself like that yeah you
want to know about early og days crit
was on that yes true that he went to Ti
with og didn't do too hot and of course
he jumped ship early the early one yeah
they come on over but you know I'll be
here warming the seats yeah he's done
he's gone through a crazy transformation
coming out from Captain and then
focusing again on the position for real
rule tsunami he attained quite a bit of
abuse early in his captaining days as
well every single time that eg would
show up to TI obviously the bar was set
at PPD captaining and you're like he's
not as good as PPD than what's eg doing
but he kind of came into his own he has
relinquished the captaining role which I
think was the best room especially with
fly coming in that dude is far more
accomplished and it allows crit to
focusing on just one thing which is just
being a beast of a four position now
when we talk about og and when you see
them play you've watched all the
documentaries there's one over arching
factor it is confidence and comfort and
they are just very happy to just play
ready shift friendship sure you want to
go there that's fine but it feels like
that this ti so far that has been the
major factor in terms of women lose sure
the dota you know the dota we see is
great but I feel like that we kind of
see you know the the auto system kick in
and then everything else like you got a
deal with the pressure yeah it's tough I
think og it's just crazy like after
after win after loss you can just
continuously see it doesn't matter them
and they don't lose very much so it's
hard to see him after a loss but it was
funny I actually took up my headset
whenever they introduced to
you know like who the Chinese crowd
really likes and honestly sab was I
could not believe it I'm not sure it was
pretty crazy I was surprised I thought
it'd be like no tell and it's it's
interesting because the four positions
actually have the least amount of
collapse on both teams I don't know what
that says maybe they like their four
positions more but it was pretty crazy
these teams are similar in the sense
that you got our TZ
and you got Anna both being big
cornerstones of the squad and then you
got jarek's and crit are kind of like
then where you know that they're the
support but they're also like the
supporting role they're not being as
flashy as some other four supports I
mean know that they can do it it's just
that the way they're playing right now
it might not be the case yeah I think
some of the heroes are like where's
Earth Spirit they're both known for
their Earth Spirit you just don't really
see it that much anymore I wouldn't be
surprised
it might get pulled out in this series
honestly what do you think is most
important for this series tsunami I
think that as easy of an answer it is
what are you gonna do about oil what are
you gonna do no one has a solution for
oh geez I have a solution
what's that you ban it I mean if we're
being serious I think you you have to
ban the IO and the mag and you have to
pick your poison between some plugin and
chant a Chan like that that's just how
it is to me you can't give them those
two here well how stubborn of a captain
do you think fly is because a lot of
people are letting game one go by we're
done with the Bo ones and bo3 territory
now you can afford to let maybe one game
slip by I think I think you you don't
risk it we'll what do you think I feel
like you definitely don't because I
think a lot of this game is gonna come
down to like the mental fortitude of
both teams because there is so much
history behind both of them I could
easily see a team losing Game one having
a hard time recovering trying to do too
much to recover in a game too so I feel
like getting out of the gate early on
and just trying to get a quick win is
sort of gold here yep
and it's a mental aspect you talk off as
well and we know that oh gee actually
this ti they have incorporated an extra
member to their team they now have the
professional eSports psychologists that
formerly helped astrology for people
that don't follow astrology of Travis's
to see us go team and they struggled
winning for a very long time and then
they incorporated this psychologist and
they won their first major just like
that just getting into the right mindset
it's so important yeah I think this
trellis might need to get that coach
back they've been on a crumble lately
yeah and it's crazy they really are just
one game wave or sorry one series away
from that top three possibly a full-on
rematch against LGD how crazy is it what
are the odds that og has the near exact
path true in the upper bracket 17 20 18
is pretty crazy no no it's it's a little
bit especially because most of the teams
right this it feels like the first tee I
wear teams that even did pretty poorly
just stayed together they're like you
know what let's do it what it right it
complains we keep shuffling teams let's
show them one more year and let's see
what happens obviously for a team like
VP didn't go too well but now you have
the eg and even og even know they had il
TW for a bit but now you're back with
your full roster and let's go let's go
indeed and for for og of course we
remember the group stages and I'm sure
EG remembers the group stages too
unfortunately for them they started out
pretty weakened in the second day the
first match up for them was against og
it was the og eg special when we were
having big you know expectations of this
series and then it was a bit of a
thrashing yeah it was actually funny I
was watching boba and socks the coach
were just both watching on the same TV
and anytime like eg would start making a
big play bowl buff to start clapping
non-stop and then the fight would just
straight up turn around and you I I
looked over and of course the the og
coach did the exact same thing just
started clapping and like you know that
they're literally right next to each
other like oh I'm getting out of here
but talk to me about these two coaches
because they are so different we didn't
have socks cup with og
is TI he's with the team now he's been
with the team for for a little while
what do you think is the main difference
we have obviously Bulba drafting tsunami
but not so much yeah I think boba is
more of like a judge jury executioner of
the eg drafts I don't really think that
obviously he talks with fly and stuff
like that but the way that it seems like
he sits in the pod he puts on the ad
said he's clicking the buttons a lot of
the times whereas with socks August II
he has said in the background and said
but had a long story to history of being
oh geez coach so it's more collaborative
on the OG side at least based on what we
see outside but we may be able to see KC
and talked to her for a little more
insight alright well I know you want to
make a point we'll but you gotta wait
with it you gotta wait with it until
after the first game of this blockbuster
of a series let's get in that to the
draft
[Music]
[Applause]
oh gee had a really confident group
safety this year last year they faltered
Iggy's on that pathway a little bit in
some ways what do you guys expect to see
here fun just fun man fun lots of
battling I think could be could be a
really fast game and it could be a
really long one I don't think I don't
think the middle ground is really what
I'm looking at here if it's for this one
I think it could just go really really
one-sided on either one of those fronts
you know
oh geez definitely done that sometimes
reason yeah in their last series had
some crazy 20 minute wins with with
abusing the IO strat but not this game
I'll getting banned finally I think the
I think eg that I've looked at majority
their games and they have much longer
games and the OGIS kind of just been
steam rolling a lot right cuz they had
such a successful group stage but yeah
that's the one thing I'm concerned for
eg is just getting caught caught off
guard a little bit here and just getting
the kind of run over so I think that
they want to be able to take the fight
to og because og is gonna look to battle
a lot especially from watching how
you've been playing a lot of the farm
game I think right now eg expected you
just been SD but the elected open so I
think they're talking about how they're
gonna all bullshit cause SD has been the
hero of the tournament and eg has picked
it all up and been in Naga siren in the
first phase is basically unseen right
now so they're just clearly trying to
learn a lot of tier 1 heroes through
that what you think it I think they're
just targeting et's top heroes right
they love their Nagas aren't on our TZ
and they absolutely love sumail slash
strike so there's a sec okay these are
super comfortable for them get rid of
them
yeah this is exactly what I was thinking
too so unlike the LGBT game series the
three supports left elder titan ogre
Magi shadow demon take the SD I think
that's the best support right now take
it sdn enchantress are in the pool right
as the enchanter point Shen if you want
to go for if you want to go for that
oh yeah and chanters has been very like
contested yeah these two teams it's
definitely something
oh gee likes as well they would have
picked better pick out through yeah
definitely I think the hotel is the only
position five that's comfortable in the
enchantress usually when it's run by
fives on the other teams they have the
older playing it because they have to be
playing it like there it's got to
counter to be putting on a position
three so that's why it's played as a
position 5 but I think whenever ITC good
here on position 5 enchantress he he
look so comfortable on that hero so
there are ways to beat in lane it's
typically a super strong laner mccann
pressure pours that's a little bit of a
turn here and hoji
they've got something up their sleeve
plant here like this is like not at all
what we expected to see based on the
draft earlier today I think I saw them
run this one even if I was cast in the
game I think these new years I think
they do Lane DS and it was a seven
playing the trees Jaron explained this
grim stroke and they put so much
pressure on the safe lane they were just
inks well this treant protector we just
beat on them and then grim stroke would
sit in the back and throw constant nukes
and it was actually pretty insane how
much they were able to do and it's a lot
of magic damage right off the bat from a
grim stroke and you also have a hero
even girl that can prevent enchantress
from getting her heal off not only with
the stun but with that phantom that can
be really obnoxious if you don't get
your heal easily as
sometimes you can get burst and it can
be really nice as well if you have
overgrowth you could just essentially
lock her in position when some other
stuns potentially prevent her from
breaking the sounds first be a great
catch hero definitely gonna be helpful
for setting up kills good at punishing
and catching heroes like treat as well I
don't want to create signature heroes
yeah I really like the og two picks
against enchantress it might not have
damage but I think it comes from -
damage control Hobson's and Ana's heroes
so the control is definitely there
the tree and the green stroke I've seen
them run a lot of eye cream stroke with
the I think they were the first ones I
want to say at the MDL major when they
were doing grim stroke with phantom
assassin and I know they had Magnuson a
couple those games so he might not see
that happened but it's great versus the
enchantress we've seen the rise of the
PA as well and just the combo the inks
well with that quick phantom strength
again on top of targets is definitely a
devastating one that I've seen them run
a lot they really do like that combat
yeah it sounds pretty good another team
earlier in the group or in the main
stage used juggernaut I think at the
safe lane as well against or that can
work well because at least then you can
spin the guaranteed damage possibly
killer but it's difficult to lane
against her we see a lot of carries
that'll just kind of zone out of the
lane at some point when you should kind
of let her take the tower but
potentially og could defend that if they
depend on how much tree armor they get
since she doesn't push very well tree
armor a little bit of defense there it
could prevent her from snowballing
Molina's Hart
wondering if you want something like I
think they want at least some strong it
five-position hero what I'm looking at
is actually especially after that last
game even those FY playing it jakirah I
think that's one of the heroes we steal
played a lot versus trained protect
because it's really slow wind up and it
just secures the lane because tree can
sometimes just crush your safe plane so
think that could be a possibility and I
think it's a good hero that works really
well for eg with the Earth Spirit in
combination yeah I like that a lot
attack speed slows against anybody that
tack slow and the other thing tons of
damage over time it basically nullifies
his armor if you ever once use it to
save people mid game
batrider ban a potential matchup counter
against enchantress or just good for the
lineup here what do you guys think I
think they were maybe thinking about
I'll position on five batrider from
Voltaire because it provides though it's
very strong II mean yeah five that
writer so they have ran into quite a few
times the group-stage primarily
interesting a notary is very good at to
use like Muir heroes that are not
traditional position wise what is very
good at the leaning it's always
surprising to you I think one thing that
og does is they basically forge their
own path I feel like that's one of their
keys to success you could maybe say it's
like comfort they're happy that kind of
a thing but I think it's also that even
a tournaments that they lose they're
always doing their own thing they're
playing heroes in ways that only they're
confident doing everyone else tries to
adapt to the meta feels like og is
almost always trying to set it and I
think that's one huge advantage they
have coming into ti I totally agree I
mean right last year when they're just
busting out offlane Magnus no one else
is really picking that at all offlane
Treves the same exact kind of style tops
in playing all these a kind of bizarre
heroes that he just is really
comfortable on in the mid lane and in
terrible mid matchups to where like
every other teams like hope we can't
have a bad mid matchup he'll lose the
lane then go create space for people to
rotate against them all the protect his
team I had a feeling this one is coming
in the third paycook we're saying that
grim stroke PA combo they they just love
it and it's such a good matchup first
enchantress and it's gonna give you that
late-game insurance immediately right
off the bat so this yeah they love this
combo I've seen them doing so many times
and I was saying an MDL major we saw
their look three times
do you think it's good enough without
mag though Megaman the first phase we
saw the PA mag earlier today with a
different series even against the
Enchantress but game's gonna have to get
our own farm or is she just gonna do OD
things and just fight constantly
I think fighting constant I think they
could still get a steroid right the ogre
is still in the pool right if they do
want to go for it that that is a good
way to protect the lane I mean it
certainly can help but I I just don't
think that bubbles by itself is gonna be
enough personally okay cuz you're still
gonna have to fight farming native no
matter what right like yes you could go
like deso or something like that and hit
creeps at decent speeds but if you're
jungling for long periods of time now
that og does that that much I guess I
just feel like it'll be a detriment
although the gears that they're up
against all very low armor so it's
actually looking like a pretty solid da
game right now at least once she gets
BKB
see I'm just really strong Lane support
for mg you can secure creep waves really
easily
the downside though is that I think
she's gonna get run down I do not want
to play a cm if I'm against a grip
struck Tree Lane that sounds awful -
sounds really painful and even against a
phantom assassin if I'm leaning against
that and I make a mistake or get out of
position feel like it's gonna be I'm a
vulnerability
I'm much slower than them they're gonna
be able to get on top of me but the
bright side is much more mana for all of
the EG heroes and that should make their
laning stage just go better and let them
at least put pressure on that's right
that's what I'm seeing at least when I
see the earth spear and the enchantress
picked up it's looking like eg does not
want to just like sit back and farm in
this game they want to be at least
posing a threat usually while which is
very good at like even though they pick
these newer heroes they all like aim the
same thing they want to create chaos and
bring the other team into the third
temple and I think with Aegis picks they
I think they want to match that
aggression and the tempo all these
heroes can fight really early on content
raise her spirits yeah so far yeah
totally agree with that they're the
Earthshaker picked up so now I mean
there's the lineup is looking pretty
flexible just which one they would do on
a prioritize it's more than likely gonna
be I guess it's probably gonna be the
chair exertion right is it's gonna be no
tail on the room stroke I would assume
so
they're gonna do that dual Lane I guess
with the PA or maybe run some like aggro
kind of Lane with the tree-ring stroking
the PA and I hope they got a shaker and
food stroke and he a couple different
things
I assume it's gonna be no tailplane the
grim joke we saw him do that the the
other day as well yeah he's gonna be the
counter Lane pusher or shaker is also
gonna be able to help out with that
so if they can counteract a lane push
that you'd use pushing out the it'll be
really nice they pick the TV into the
shaker so but they're more so trying to
match the PA right just that high armor
carry that doesn't have to worry too
much about a pH is jumping University
you down it's also too right yeah how do
you feel the TP right now have you I was
thinking I was think I was 50/50 on this
hero altar today
I think peach lgt PPG game one with TV
and they look pretty solid I was
thinking like the shows too slow for
this meta yada yada yada but it didn't
seem like it I think what easy wants to
do is like a four plus one Smurfs cannot
be on this like hyper aggressive mid
that can fight with them early on with
the rest of Aegis heroes where are teeny
just sits back and farm up it's called
the Battle of TB versus PA I'll be kind
of surprised if PA doesn't go battle for
you because his funnel for a while if he
doesn't they could make it a little bit
harder for og to fight in the early min
me talk I think Thompson's gonna want
something that it just provides a lot of
magic damage and even potentially push
right now I'm actually looking at the
pugna I know he's a huge fan of the hero
I believe the last time they met up he
also was playing the pugna it's a very
good versus t be great versus
enchantress as well can definitely
something to set the pace and put
pressure on it it stops it what about
Zeus this looks really good Zeus I've
been wanting serious if we haven't
gotten too many and Ivan where or I mean
if we're gonna get it it's one of the
all Thompson Zeus right that's actually
very trans TVs yeah all these like weak
heroes I think he got banned out in
their last year's as well as the v ban
so nice expand I do want to like point
out that smell is it's gonna be having a
rough game Plus tops of all the counter
picking this whatever it is gets taken
out hold on looks fucking it looks
really good now yeah
PG was definitely missing lean push
earth spirit can't push lanes very well
enchantress camp push lanes almost at
all cm can and TV can a little bit but
they definitely need at least another
hero that could also facilitate that and
it's more nukes more stunts that help
them kill the PA in the in the early
payment oh they're gonna go for the tops
in invoker instead also a great way of
being close to running around the map
and make space right I think that's his
plan just he's gonna be the chaos maker
he doesn't care I lose my lane I don't
care I'm gonna move around the map and
just try to shut down our TZ on this
tower blade and just constant aggression
to make honest base I mean that's the
story of tops in a nutshell I think it's
a great hero to buff the PA slightly
towards PA favor against the P versus T
V okay well what aspect of it gives him
the favor is it just like yeah like
crazy like what really yeah
alright well that is the draft but
before we jump into the game we're gonna
have the last word with gunner so I'm a
mid laner I'm gonna focus on the mid
lane both of these teams
neither mid laners to have a good game
eg with sumail he's always there tempo
center he's gonna carry the game in the
first 25 minutes to get our tourists
some space art easy on his TV he's gonna
farm up the jungle smell is gonna be
rotating with his team running around
pressuring lanes and taking powers on
the side of Ag Thompson is usually the
tempo creator he's gonna win his lane
and he's always gonna rotate first and
he's not gonna worry about having to
carry as he has n on his back both these
teams they have the two Earth Spirit
garlic's they have credit mjx eg having
quit with the earth sphere in this game
I think they're gonna have the ability
to kind of rotate around early he's
gonna kind of pressure the mid lane so
I'm gonna be a little scared for this
invoker I'm Thompson to be pressured by
this Earth Spirit he's gonna maybe get a
little pressure as tower might be killed
earlier with the sea dragon at five
minutes I think there's me a lot of
fight the TB and the PA are both gonna
be farming I think this might game go a
little late there's gonna be a lot of
big fights
I think our two casters Toby on that
cinder and are gonna be the two bigger
carries of this game ah isn't that so
nice you know we've got a carry you
thanks sensei no problem I'm small I'm
light now I'm actually I come on back
packable yeah I've gained weight so
that's perfect there you go great
transparence we're gonna get faces done
since we're ready to go right now
oh gee they're the same and of course
you start with no G draft you think
everything's gonna be normal but I got I
got a thing to break to everyone at
heart that is not a support es that is a
three-position es slayed by seven no
tell we'll move on to the trampling
Viktor just for a little bit of
interesting fights because og can never
conform
only that exactly we were talking about
oh is it gonna be a scepter Ian or is it
going to be a sub shaker and a Jarek
strand but they spoke it out completely
putting no tail on a hard five treant
they think that this brim stroking
position or can have a huge impact on
the game and a possible reason for that
could be thick rim stroke acts in this
game being a really really powerful
agony meas against terribly creating
that illusion when he's used
metamorphosis it can deal serious damage
and something we've seen out of OG in
this tournament so far is they're really
good at doing porky mechanical stuff
like having these weird creative new
ideas where you use new stuff that's in
the game the IO Agra nemesis new the
grim stroke agony missus new so I could
definitely see that being the line of
thought for them here if you cycle I
love what gunner said keep an eye on me
that is where stuff is going to be
happening just in case you didn't know
eg look into my eyes what do you see
they plant the flags but I didn't scare
oh gee or EGA away from getting to ruins
at least so I guess they planted the
flags on one side only I was actually
waiting for them to do what they did in
the first series get you a costume this
space-age is like oh this would be
fantastic oh gee that game was done
better they started off with like four
flags all planted around it around one
bounty room but let's have a chicken
belly so as we had now won a quick one
minute toxin in Berga and he's going the
course to begin with we'll see how he
transitions the battle against the veil
it gives us an aggressive plane up on
the top Hannah and no doubt they've been
Dulany together for absolutely ever but
Ichi they bring three if at first who
doesn't succeed if you bring everybody
pushing Anna back under the town where
the metamorphosis damage he's actually
gonna have another fender bender that's
a good way to do it if you're eg and
this is one of the biggest benefits of
enchantress as a hero is that you can
leave her alone in the start against
displaying this I don't see them killing
her down here with seven Derek's but at
the same time Jarrett's can't leave
because several lose the lane so eg with
the right read on how to get the lanes
to begin with but get them off to a very
nice start here the witness entry went
down yep
now this Yaris coming cause son he's
gonna have to work with them and a big
initiator gone once again is easy so got
a little bit more time to get that range
damage in but now lose attention to
Nortel consumables are going to be the
order of the day for ergy volunteer
Topton he saw a large battle against
the colds that were pushing back they
have rotated Derrick's taco what this
will do now is that note rs4 will have
almost a full level advantage against
set bottom early on or at least a decent
one
and once enchantress gets level six this
Lane is not inhabitable Earthshaker
anymore so oh gee his top lane when you
rotate like this you have to win it or
any choice to ensure that Anna feels
somewhat happy up here yeah actually
getting some CS would be would be a nice
way they will call it I'm loving
Thompson's semester like talk to
literally requesting some ale come and
fight me I'm not even getting us out
there's only one coming out some male
able to hit these back back sons missing
up Celts foots fine Thompson underneath
the team or their sir
I was gonna say gaben but focusing
person everyone's I spoke at the hubs
this is a huge start for eg honestly
they offer good cold snap from Thompson
will at least stop half of the region
rim wants to high fight with some else
Millville no - so at least there's some
some friendship in the mid lane
Sibella bring his bottle it comes the es
roll in from trip they kick a little bit
up top to Thompson I think just sends
them up in the am for a quick moment to
engage
Sousa mail is winning myth mature
enchantress as far as winning bottom for
sure
and this top lane is currently RTC far
ahead because of that first blood
advantage as well so fair to say right
now that eg are ahead and all free lanes
and I shall gonna be promote G they're
trying to get in on fly lovely new
cosmetic I love this when you scale up
our Canora every time it levels up all
of your allies have like an animation
for rolling balda in front trip well off
the target and it's OG trying gets a
little bit of space storytelling
stunning up trip for tomorrow good
protection so the role misses but artis
is the one having the best time
regardless even if these spells miss a
little bit Bochy seemed unable to make
their own aggressive moves and artis is
Justin I'm creeped after creep PA lets
her see us right now 15 for free it's
actually pretty good
from onna so far till miss lane I'm
loving watching this mid lane I can't
even take my eyes off and I should be
looking at the top lane cuz it's a
trialing up there but tops is just
living on either a prayer or quarter HP
baby bars it just refuses to move back
out at this lane I'll bring us out he
keeps getting clipped on ventilation
rinrin Vikrant you get a rolling ball
turret thompson side set quickly with me
critical concept of tornado him again
the veil but the slave did they gonna
reach to reach Colton on cloud nine this
is how this mid lane is going to be some
male and Thompson will be trading on
stuff in Boca wants to trade so he can
make use of the cross orbs and Samia
wants to trade because he can kill with
an ally and that's the second kill here
in mid now some mail off to a really hot
start you know I thought that before and
then Thompson's Monkey King kicked in so
it's definitely a different style of
game there was definitely an iron and
magnus and in that series as well they
also just go on think about another line
number one on the CS right now is
actually said he's been running this
bottle on the bottom plane he's gonna
try and control of both the five-minute
bounty runes as full does not don't want
to let that happen
it's a sample back off when you see
Creek already rotating over and s boy it
looks like he wants to try and Kontest
okay except didn't want to fight for it
so that's three runs for you genius
respecting the rotation out of kripp saw
him on that observer award in the bottom
area that crate was coming so his TP at
least secures that rune and now now I'm
really curious what steps gonna do here
it's actually the thing I'm most curious
about in the game now because from my
experience this Lane will be completely
unplayable for shaker ones enchantress
is level six the only thing you can
really do is take creeps with fissure
every time you try to Millia crate with
enchant totem you will take two or three
impetuses your way and it's just not
feasible in the long run so what is he
gonna do he's pulling the wave for now a
little bit was bit probably pulled her
in Laguna plated up with the veil is the
first laser
EMP tornadoes amel can lose a lot of
mana the call stuffy still just got
enough to get into top stupid living
album it has arrived and Thompson will
survive the first lacunar of this game
it's very unusual that you see a trans
girl living on fly he's back again
demands the five Laguna bikini survivor
for the Gulf do your actual alright it's
a good stroke in a stunt now quit caught
on the wrong side of the tracks nice
turnaround for Archie took six minutes
but now they're off the boy off the mop
one arm and no till he's ready to fight
fly on the rune but no cell doesn't have
lead receive he's one zero to build
extremely defensive strand build I'm not
getting even that one bit one skill
point to help in the lane but focusing
on how much can I help the other lanes
with that living armor do you think the
living on the build up is also hello
bowling ball to down to was the bottom
like t-rex is under attack
like tram between s4 is full script but
we saw Archie when they played the
trains before they're always looking to
repair their towers how does art easy
actually take these house if you level
up living on a very early on how hard
you have to commit as a terribly to
actually bring down the tower that's
actually part of the brilliance and this
terribly picked because first it the
obvious thing is that that's good
against the PA right you have high armor
so you're good against these
hard-hitting physical attacks but the
second part terribly does a really good
hero at forcing down towers from half or
full to zero so he can deal with it if
they group up and make a team move it's
one of the best heroes against treant
protector in this early stage of the
game as a carry you can't really ask for
anything better than that
yeah they will still lose that t1 tower
on bottom place either plan some enemy
admit okay okay sorry I don't know those
characters so I can't tell you what they
are but there's probably some deep
meaning to this Gerak's
okay helping to be had here popular acts
potentially killing the courier on the
way back over the t1 tower dropping s4
was just able to force the issue
Naruto is watching RTZ rotate over but
he's burned a large portion of this
metamorphosis
it's a such an early Midas race for he's
going to be rich this game
7:30 - with boots and Basilius that's
it's really really good times for us for
and you look at the CS chart all top
three sitting on that eg side and the
shaker was doing well on the start I
think quite a bit of his CS is probably
jungle creeps and now this again this
bottom lane is he going to be able to
mark as far as moving so he tornado just
post pushing smell back a little bit
further but Ana's still doing well and
this top lane do we know how important
it is for G to give on a good game and
his game looks solid right now sitting
on the 50 CS minute 8 same as the
terribly they've both level six so both
of these heroes are having a good sync
good game and are happy the only
downside for honor is he doesn't have
like that Impala buff up he's used to so
he's having to build into the battlefury
on the phantom assassin just to still
keep finding that farm rate jerax is
hoping for something on bottom lane
that's got a lot of damage to work with
now completing at the phase boots
potentially able to run down some of
these years and cure Ike just need to
start him off so there's the inks well
okay that's maybe not exactly the way he
planned to do that and that was that was
not the right target and now steps kind
of trapped behind the tree lines Fritz
wondering if he can get some help
let's head now he's gonna find him
doctor the totem follows up with a
pitcher echo slams just for good measure
and drip tanks - a lot of it raindrops
help out with that but they'll still
take the kill that was a lot harder than
it needed to be for urging
yep and they don't get any structural
damage in here it looks like they're not
going to hit the tower but if the kill
it all helps gotta find what you can as
og right now is the your play making
potential as is talked about by the
panelists mainly coming from Thompson
but since you got lost explained by a
bitch the tempo is it's not that high so
at least you can use cream stroke with
shaker and well they're still hitting
the tower I don't recommend you want
some what it feels like that it should
but they're gonna finish the tier 1 and
then TP down I think you can this damage
is taking forever without the creep wave
so maybe they were ok with it
the wasting time at Nortel he actually
came underneath the observer water pump
under the bottom room so flyer was just
waiting for the attack to come in from
top subscribing to me and Thompson's
gonna walk through the same Ward that
note L just did you know exactly what
Thompson is up to and with him starting
to play between mid and bottom there's
they're absolutely not depending this
hour now therefore it did Alex them it
takes them so long but you know slow and
steady eventually think he'll get it if
nobody comes down here checks has been
pushing this tower for like a full
minute and now this each group is going
to come in and help them finish it off
the last length s force attacking into
the t1 tower of it it's the last
remaining tier one town for her Jean
they're really having trouble
controlling the map area but that the
only her G sacrifice heroes in the early
game it seems the t1 tells the next
thing on the menu for OG 30 L can't come
close he's in range of the Sentry s for
doing a good job not to reveal the fact
that he can see him nor reacting in any
way but now the creeps move towards if
no teller realizes they can see me in
fact not one not sure but 3 sentry
Ward's had to be planted in that mid
lane just to see things but it's well
worth it they got the biggest tower of
the game and there was no fighting from
OG because trans is only level 5 so they
didn't have the overgrowth they didn't
have the soul buying both supports from
OG sitting on those level fives when EG
supports her level 6
such a huge difference in power step now
phallus really good timing on the
aftershock now get the duffel fish is
done out as well but that's for
intensive up step count make it to the
trees where he was probably hoping you
could TP away to safety for 11 shooting
but it will not happen and fly if the
tip back to Seb Seb he seems to be the
monster of the memes on IG like it's a
little bit of a rebuttal
and actually well fly that was maybe a
little short-lived though she have come
back find me indeed
hey stead is that an earned charge it is
that's big keep an eye on invoker's
vessel charges in this game it's the way
they're gonna kill the Enchantress until
s4 has a counter item that is the one
way they can kill her outside of using
the PA for the hardcore physical burst
because he's because of his grace out
he's actually going in for just the
dragon lens to begin where the nerves
could be the full horror game pike but
they're looking for initiation
yes rolling forward Thompson and that
purpose speed haste rune is up 550 on
the board and s4 being watched finder
tell they know he's coming in from the
sides I don't know how much he can get
away with the concepts about trying to
get his own stunt the soundest a
mysterious fella hitting every ability
Phoenix the fact movement is possible in
fact Eric will die too s4 no job for the
armored car for flying and stops letting
a guard to here is down for G this is
not the Queen Chris dodo we've expected
and already seen from them this
tournament think the the game so we saw
in the main stage yesterday was also new
be giving og flat out their best fits
they gave them IO and mag and eg just
come in with better preparation they
know exactly how they want to approach
this first game and they're looking
great so far I find it funny how Anna
and RTZ are literally not getting
involved in anything they're just
they've been playing tough both of them
for pretty much 13 minutes straight not
moving across the map are actually not
sure RTC might have been part of the
foot
one of the sizes on one the other way is
fine time is blank reveal or said become
busier on khenpo just days with your
feet wet way to go away from the spray
hitting the condo in the pimp the double
stone from smell may be a little extra
space trouble with a capital SAP that is
the most ambitious to peak of the main
event I think next ralina with light
stuff very ready baby is like oh there's
a nice blink if you want to be out of
matter right baby there's a chance it's
a good blink reveal but at the same time
you would have loved to get a core
killed you got the two supports you got
the maiden and the shaper with your echo
slam you got a little bit bloodthirsty
on tops and starts chasing and Thompson
was kind of lucky to stay alive there
too he almost died too as far and you
just you see the problem they have with
this enchantress the only way they were
four heroes against the chipset and she
was phaser locked off and it wasn't even
close like they were tempted to try for
it not possible without the gear the
vessel will change things but it's not
there just yet for Thompson it needs
another 200 for same with the battle
fury for Anna maybe he saw is getting
involved after this is able to arrive
the wind probability is keeping it nice
and close 5149 that's what we want to
see we've already had an amazing day of
Dora - let's keep the streak going late
into the shanghai night the 15 minute
bounty runes in ten seconds looks like a
two for two yeah should be EG will claim
the north her Jeep will claim the south
Oh golly balda outdoors top drink
whenever crackin anna TZ doesn't have
any damage or Sun which is required to
sometimes will go on cooldown for a
while red gloves kind the issue when
rolling ball to became your son instead
of just the the kicked yeah then they
move in towards the midline volleyball
turns again own autopsy t-rex at me at
mine get him put down the eggs while the
top through the demonstrators be more
than up the children because Britney and
P tornado but in death you'll burn
manner but that's it fly once again
being very liberal with that phrasing
field they're immediately putting this
lens to use some males lens or well not
immediately but in that instance they
are putting it to use showcasing how
good this item can be against to hear
like invoker their reach is just
exceptional Earth Spirit can roll in
from really far away and the Lima can
very easily follow up even though though
the earth spirits done is only level to
its it's enough force available asphalt
on is your combination sample get the
first on off and maybe the greatest of
chaining against it as for enchantress
they're trying to find the damage the
Arctic earth put the tweaks on this
happen some Al's already arrived from a
long way
but back from steps
I don't just hit him good question
hey baby he's untouchable just hit him
so now is eg be aggressive Thompson with
a high ground
the MK tornado gonna make it difficult
for us easy besides not to dodge it but
he's got he's got what he wants our jizz
I love that you say decides not to dodge
it there's so many clips of our TZ man
to dodging whatever so yeah it's
assuming he will never fail he decides
not to there's no way he could have
failed that right hey I put out TZ up on
a pedestal
for a click he is he is very rich by the
way 10k net worth 17 minutes in it's a
it's generally a very dangerous
proposition to give terribly complete
free pop but I just think in this game
hoji barely had a choice with their
draft it's just very defensive very slow
with both PA and freend and grim stroke
do they need to have someone to play
around and since the other two lanes
were Ichi favored the the tempo of the
game is just completely being dictated
by the CG side now what I do want to say
og shouldn't do stopped going for this
enchantress I think it's really hurting
them the kills you have to accept ESPO
we farmed this game if you're not
bringing your PA to this kill it's too
far and the the cost benefit doesn't
favor you kind of ever unless you see
pretty much the entire enemy lineup
somewhere else on the map cuz the
counter plays dangerous too right
imagine you kill the inch yeah just
everything yeah then what if there's an
earthquake coming in with this aleena
this is when you need stifling dagger
from range you need stuff to be the
control you need to create a little bit
more space and I'm actually liking this
a little bit more content he's going in
for the academic center then he's gonna
build for the BKB so he can be that
nuisance that we know and love to be in
the faces of eg and give Ana that space
too far
he doesn't want to join it this is the
way oh gee always play is poor attack
one farm now and so far he's now ahead
of both s4 as well as Sammael but he
still got a couple of thousand gold the
cat dog which before he's gonna get in
front of RTZ
banana he's gonna move quick he's got a
farm quick now I don't think I think if
you're just mathematically but these two
heroes completely free punk from the
start of the game and they buy whatever
items they want terribly wins
he just has better farming potential he
can farm wave wild farming jungle his
first R and Grandpa items are just
faster the PA has to fill this whole
battle fair before trouble as he can no
child walking in range of a sentry what
that dire century would get quickly d
warden have another one further up at
Anna and G racks on the bottom Lane
trying to push but smells already moving
down coming faster and shrine TP
supports on the way to the es starts top
tier racks going to land out a stone
over on es but PA can't really do much
it's avail from downtown the Hobson
reply or is doubtful there is
it's the phantom assassin don't call it
out the same way at the short film
contest it's able to blink away two
teammates she's got those then straight
back to mid straight back to the thumb
the living outlet to protect building
into this desolator
why didn't the PETA just blink strike
the vet because 30 seconds why bounties
just not a better plan
30 seconds till bounty runes there's no
vessel charges so this fight for hoji if
they choose to run into the enemy team
will be hard being running into them
Thompson
yeah tornado is down so I get sent up
fritz going to work but eg they're
stopping for a shot that's what they
want Roberta the living I was giving him
some extra life damn big block in the
three-man push factor quick you'll set
the rope and through the rolling monitor
he misses but some male come on
Roshan he's still ticking down 3.5 K
energy are in no position to contest
this the low side they also have no idea
no tell was thinking about getting this
bouncy rune but it would have got him
killed
that's gonna be rosh as well as two
runes and what do they pay they don't
even pay at our bottom oh gee that's
tryin falling further and further behind
7500 and increasing is the net worth
advantage the experience of shooting up
as well and this is kind of it's a bit
reminiscent of one of toxins and vote
for games the TI 8 where I think it was
against LGD they sat on him really hard
and made him to slow down his tempo
because OGIS strategy when they play
this mated no fair was boss wax is is
very momentum based and you stifle that
momentum and so all of a sudden oh geez
line up just feels so much easier to do
in this game is the Earth Spirit Lina
getting these couple of kills on top so
now they just killed him again no vessel
charges and it just RTC's having the
time line this is such a free game right
now yeah a minute 20 it's easy looking
damn good I love how you bring up this a
male point cuz it was some male who used
to be the one like oh man this kids
really really good what do we do he's
playing stolen spirit with momentum base
let's just kill him every single time
there face of eg and now they're dishing
it out against theurgy and now Artesia
feels confidence are going into quest
towers he knows he has the aegis so even
if he gets echo slam there's that second
life and we hit the tower og seem like
they want to try to defend this one
though yes so is completed on Hanah this
is his first peak sad soon the full
wraparound he wants the greatest clip
were the coastal work they lose the tier
2 Tower in the meantime it gives away
information though yes eg OTE or eg no
ot are coming from behind top siddhis
looking for some bail he wants him in
the trees he's gonna move up and now huh
RUP tornado
the mail they want to send in dry your
stepped-up defensive nothing is put and
now they all turn around for the fight
has been before the salt mine as far as
walls are teaching together with a
double silence letting it go like doing
the work stand in this by the retina
Verity you want to get the hell out
there now they've killed crit that said
magnetized is on him
the fuel sector is up Sam is down
Thompson will be able to survive
he's waiting a little longer though
before he'll use his TV away and be able
to have that fight for me as crit he
rolls on the shaker
he keeps the shakers was invoked her
busy for a good I don't know 20 seconds
before he finally dies and it makes this
fight so easy for eg I wonder if we're
gonna get a replay of that think we saw
the rolling Boulder but then the fight
was happening on the top side it's just
toxins toxins clearing the crate way he
understands they can't push up high
ground illusion is actually giving the
tower help with the fiddler the
regeneration up this all back to all
protection
but EEG lost nothing there didn't even
use meta they didn't have it so next
tower it's already being circled by fly
we're gonna see it now so Thompson catch
SML good defensive Jules but this role
the Earth Spirit is going to stay down
here forever
it might not be on the replay because
we've seen the fight up top but you
could imagine for yourself what's
happening off screen if you look at the
mini-map there's an earth spirit just
hit their course it echo keeping two
heroes at bay forever and honor Anna
just still feels like you can't really
fight comes in and just gets blown up by
spells it didn't even tell me Betty bee
didn't help they ended up jumping like
into the lagoon not like there's no BK
yeah Derby gave me to protect him and he
jumped right on top of the crystal main
to try and stop the breezing field to
the rest of the team improved fine but
will happen this hour debate as well as
I can the coastal maiden actually dive
you're we're asking this during during
the drafting phase like is this just
gonna be a massive massive problem with
your hands to me I top Safari
historically APA has just murdered many
and crystal made over the course of dota
games but nowadays maiden has health
talent she buys racers look at maidens
health right now
sure it's only five armor but she has
1430 help with just one bracer and a 1
in this talent can buy ghost scepter
maybe can buy another racer just tanked
oh and you will not be one shot jumping
by this PA you get a chance to hold your
ground and if you get your whole job
all this defensive armor is gonna you
know be super helpful dd expensive
bottled up ready for this right bar but
the living elbow I protect this much
longer
yeah it's gone man it's gone yo do you
want to defend a baby cause end up in
the end get rid of double damage for the
MP / Nazi easy again decides not to
dodge the EMP and seven he jumped in he
has the academic there take that melee
rax take the rage one as well what PA
comes return the bottom tower that's not
enough they need ball but Ichi first
wants to claim racks against og and they
do it in under 25 minutes this game has
been very one-sided so far I wonder if
before G can find a way back we've seen
them come back from ridiculous
situations many times before but it's
definitely it's a p8 crit that I never
want to say is not gonna work I what
happens once phantom assassin gets past
us what happens when you start keeping
her alacrity with a BKB I'm saluting her
into the fight Kenny G then like hold
through that blast
Tomsula keep doing this is an item that
will help the Enchantress picks up the
solar crust so whoever the PA jumps on
and small will defensively solar or of
course you can offensively solar as well
if they're going for kills but this item
is so good when you have terribly in
your team giving him that massive burst
of attack speed he's he's a monster
this game just flat-out insane farm
our G is still prepping for the fight
yeah it tells like it feels like they
need to wait for me to give honor and
then try to make a move with a smoke try
to find a way to get a fight inside
their own vision where they can get an
overgrowth you need to overgrowth this
terribly but yes both Manta and BKB so
he has two breaks now instead of only
the one of Manta it's a tall order only
the lowest impact we've seen from
no-till in any game at this tournament
it's just it's hardly options don't
exist he's gonna be a full-on cannon
with MK V you gotta see that notice bulb
actually arrived from TRX he does have
to eat the Lancer at least he'll have
that cost range Thompson 400 or ish gold
away from having his agonal set to build
up all of this is slowly going to arrive
it's gonna help it's definitely gonna
help to get this egg's he has some good
solutions for terribly illusions his
tornado the deafening blast EMP ice wall
that pinging outset it's like what is
this guy doing down here the creek waves
coming to at tier 3 town how crazy is
the es crazy enough to you happy to
bring some mail back but he can be T
back to the frontlines
yep well hopefully not the front lines
yeah I'm not really no obstacle
took the damage talent on Lena as well
on level 15 the light striker a damage
so it doesn't feel threatened enough to
take all the health it's uh pretty good
pickups to get health against to hear
like PA though you're naturally not too
high armor and I think earlier today we
saw moon when he was playing the Lena I
think he took the help health child and
that came against a yeah I believe maybe
I'll say yes different approaches to the
same problem AGGA names done
yeah the the problem for on a now is
you're like finally I have my BKB but
the counter items already ready is the
agony mess on Lena and there's the
terrible aid mkb this upcoming fight a
subset service totally dead he's just
walking right into the middle of DJ's
room earth dump looking to attack then a
skirt is down he can't have enough life
even with the jump up the hill he come
vacant so SEVIS down Anna was hiding
himself on the bottom Lane so it was
said who is walking away both were there
together for peace on from each it's one
person like Molina would come back to
try and fight cuz they have through
creepwave so pushing in they're gonna
fight with the alpha is eg actually have
enough start start you have protection
on multiple fronts clip as well as seven
shots to living OVA they'll burn throw
it and now you hold the power
the tower is gone
Fabio's like I can this kid can
occasionally keep up with the current
pace of this matter of dirt oh you see
that type of push yeah yeah he could do
it got the tower but he can't backdoor
the melee rax it's too much region too
tanky
two three he's going to take the shine
he's gonna keep cutting the mid wave
good job from Thompson to make sure the
mid wave was pushed out he didn't manage
that they could have lost racks in this
instance as well gee it's desperation
time they need to fight through
metamorphosis mate running out and
importantly the observer in century
comes right up towards RTZ Thompson
finds its own target
please
the question back the book is all flying
back right now birth control in life
these never-ending stuff come from the
lane of the egg consent hitter right
finally in from death but one face be
created and realize he'd be Oliver eg
and jump away for the symmetric
traceless skillful turn has that run for
the trees that he bought be saved onto
the arms instead returned earrings is no
way to run away terribly will create the
mirror st. just out of the range of the
stun their town was to help out on TV
just diving in Hannah and Leah get a
crimper that's easy remember what he
came to here for a while ago it was to
tape the lane of racks and they've got
the damage output that built the green
wave energy have no defense maybe they
could kill mopes a male it becomes a
pike rampant the rest of eg are moving
towards the min they want to fight Anna
he blinks outfits avail
he flakes away
community that they wanna get deeper
into RG you may about Bob do be the you
burn fountain bomb this time around
their G eg
on the team for towels maybe there's a
little bit too deep it's only two
players up trying to fend this here
comes your meatball down but in burka
he's got nothing more to get dirt out
into the face they're all damaged eg eg
take Game one here but account on the
main stage
they're not destroyed only that's fair
to say but that was a
in eg
back back here some male got a Kenny's
man he crashed that mid lane so hot but
these long range stuff but he he called
out the ether lens but it felt like some
male was just despondent lock down but
never in any trouble from og it was not
really right yeah it the earthgrid
factor what are you gonna pick against
Lina right spirit that you feel like
just can't die it may be rude but I
think it might have been banned Bruce
could have actually been a really good
picnicking but I don't think just tops
anything to play that hero I'm not sure
but yeah that what can I say eg I think
the biggest key to the game here and
then was that they placed the lanes
correctly that was what gave him the
start and she gets shaker they get the
aggro trialing that OG weren't expecting
and the mid lane they destroyed it so
excellent job from them
[Music]
midlane yeah you gotta have a better
performance than that cuz sumail as they
said he just completely dominated it
obviously crit you know came over and
helped him even fly came through and
helped they really did not want Thompson
navigate yeah but you know you didn't
talk about who's that didn't talk about
asked for I want to talk about s4 I want
to talk about enchantress what is this
hero was she capable of allow me to
demonstrate
if will I may show you to the powers of
Technology we have a hero with a passive
called untouchable now if you're
unfamiliar with enchantress as a hero
yeah you see 1340 HP you think okay you
know she's blocked out four heroes
obviously should be dying okay maybe a
lucky stun all right maybe maybe maybe
she's doing a little bit too much damage
screw it sub says I don't even want to
deal with this hero s4 is just chucking
out these impetuses without a care in
the world it's six minutes into the game
something like that sixteen minutes in
the game we slowly progressed a little
bit forward
I swear hasn't - life's good oh no it's
three heroes no you couldn't finish her
off things are starting to get a little
bit bad now because the rest of ichi has
shown up all of a sudden s4 lives not a
care in the world and one more time in
case I haven't made my point how do you
even need to know what's going on blitz
what's going on is enchantress she died
no she's not she's got full HP wait but
she got soul bounds of like a terrible
end right yeah no she's fine she's gone
up she's laughing unbelievable as for
obviously magnificent performance on the
hero but you gotta you gotta give props
to that eg draught I'm sure there's
gonna be some people at home that are
not too familiar with enchantress I'm
like did my computer just know you're
not buffering you're operating at full
speed and so is eg yeah what a crazy
game well what do you make of that oh
that game was I that was a stump I was
like a stomp and a half - it was just uh
every opportunity they had to go on
Hopsin they absolutely ruined him I
think even got solo killed once right
yeah I mean oh that's really what
started that ball and I mean they never
let go
sumail just kind of made his mark on
this game
they poke the Beast nope they did now I
was thinking you look back to that the
the second clip you showed that was
Winsett pretty much showed his blink he
got those two kills if he somehow got
Enchantress in that because they were
all three clumped up but he was like two
seconds too late honestly it could have
changed a lot of things but the fact
enchantress ran away and you're not
killing her it really you just could not
kill her that game now this game was
decided pretty fast and I think we'll it
was you that said before this before the
series that Thompson he loses you the
lane but when she well how did you say
you said it way nicer no I said he's
probably here he's probably the player
that loses you he loses his Lane the
most but he's also the player that'll
win you the game vhost yes unfortunately
this time he I mean we're talking about
right 9 0 and 10 on arteezy it's a
terrible a right he is just for me he's
doing his thing but he knew when to go
and he knew when not to they they
backdoor through a tier 3 even when Anna
was cutting creeps he just made all the
right plays and I mean RTZ
I mean everyone wants to win a TI but
this guy right has been favored to win
so many T eyes you know it's in the back
of his head even Oh the hunger is
showing for sure and I love that they
ran up the aggressive try them as well
you know it's it's a little bit of the
mind game so you want to go head to head
you don't want to avoid fights sometimes
that is what you try to do but this game
they they wanted to take it they fought
hard and they made sure that they that
they got him the action early on which
was a little difficult for og2 to answer
tsunami this is a taste of oh geez own
medicine this is what they like to do
unless if it's a quarrel then oftentimes
it will look like oh geez losing it
first no like ah you know obviously the
score I was not gonna work out and then
dude gets Dagenham scepter Dominator and
then all of a sudden you're like oh yeah
that's how it works
but this time it was just pedal to the
metal from minute zero yeah and it was a
the tree and I'm really surprised they
put it on five I wasn't the biggest fan
of that I was talking with fogged as
well and we're just wondering like what
does he do it didn't feel like you know
they always want to defend their towers
do their thing and they really could not
defend their towers at all laughing a
grant mistakes that's the best way of
doing it now that's what oh geez doing
is as well and actually we know that the
what they're doing most of them yeah
most you think even even against them we
have a professional eSports
psychologists that's true but what if
the psychologist saw this is like oh my
you already said that maybe maybe she
ran away because of that baby yeah it
was just I mean it's tough it really is
hard to talk about that game cuz it was
just that one side crit played perfectly
middle sumail as well they just didn't
kill arty if you don't kill terrorblade
you're gonna lose a game it's as simple
as that
yeah all right you know what I hope that
og is taking a break taking a moment you
know getting and getting some time to to
reset they are needing it and I know a
lot of you at home needed to we have the
perfect recipe for a reset okay see it's
like hey you're not shoving me over and
reaction to the vote like you did
earlier I mean I'll take any excuse I
can to shove you but I got too much
excitement for the games on that last
series man eg everybody knows this team
right well they think they know them
actually you might not know the greatest
North American squad ever and that's why
they got a little peek in their back
stories take a look at this piece
these first teams always have drama
sometimes it's real but a lot of it is
just the community making something out
of nothing
[Music]
for example there's a lot of talk this
year about evil geniuses not being a
real North American team let me tell you
something boys that couldn't be further
from the truth
orders party Oh who's our Renaissance at
I mean sure we're both North American
but the other guys are way more North
American than us especially a crate and
you're back at your finals I guess what
it's okay I guess I sorta took a short
joke hey sorry about that your whore sir
hope you're funny in the grand finals
eight shoot you
shady in a way I think the boys are
actually model North Americans they even
have that classic any assault all right
listen up I'm so mad right now good
stuff with your troll warlord to mail I
don't want to see no fucking underlord
middle gustav if you ask for puck one
more time I swear to you God it's not
ti3 anymore hey I told you know what
fucking camera in the end you're just
some North American boy is trying to
make our way into this here intervention
together United
one team under dota North America
Wow man what a great North American
squad representing America I'm here in
Shanghai did you know that kind of any
spirit they had I had no idea that was
quite the informative documentary you
put together yes indeed it was but we
have more actions to see today we got an
even better show because sheaves and the
boys we got more dough to be seen we do
indeed and I cannot wait to see all the
different scenarios used in all
different kinds of clips and memes
because there's so much potential thank
you for that thank you guys
yeah I can't believe what we just
watched but I mean you already knew that
they were North Americans to the core
yeah I did you know everyone on reddit's
gonna always argue with me but you know
being the ambassador of na I'd like to
think I knew these guys were all an a
from the star in yeah I mean crit
Canadian I knew that as well I guess
well yeah you gotta test bullets out
first logically it all it all added up
yeah it's a bullet thing there was some
continuity errors there before me yeah
oh yeah quietly there we'll what are you
thinking oh no I just I was reading like
they're acting and is the best the best
is probably correct wait they were
acting I think flying was the best
really
yeah who's Captain America speciall oh
the worst by far was Sam's oh I think he
said orders Oh Carrie burgers not Oh
d'oeuvres
yeah but Oh d'oeuvres are
Oh d'oeuvres are far filthier aren't
they wait is that it real oh yeah and so
obviously we Americans have burgers as
an appetizer and burgers is a meal and
burgers for dessert thank you true
perfect all right let's talk about these
two teams because they're about to be
well at the moment Yugi is about to be
in the top three of Ti we saw them in
the top three last year top three is not
enough the performance that they showed
here in this first game though
definitely worthy of more than top three
that looked so dominant yeah yeah yeah
it really did and I think the biggest
thing it is it's gonna come down to that
draft cuz it felt like they got out
drafted from the beginning we I said
some teams gonna pay your sphere I
actually didn't expect it to be first
pick
he just roamed on middle he roamed
bottom he was actually in all three
lanes like he he played perfectly so
shout out to boba you know we all like
to clown on him but he did his job that
game and he's he's coached a team to ti
championship before which also was eg by
the way and he might just do it again in
tsunami yeah and the most important
thing is getting this game one victory
because og have not been tested that
much during this tea right now during
the group stage didn't drop very many
games as they moved their way through
the upper bracket they have not dropped
that many games being able to finally
show that they bleed and show some
vulnerability is a huge step for
confidence for you yeah and I think I
mean you look at the group stage I
believe they had two or three laws so I
I don't remember but only one of them
was truly serious to me was the vici
gaming loss and I definitely know one
was a Kentucky's loss or something
exactly and I think you have a lot of
luggage like okay this is the one loss
they truly had and I'm sure they scoured
all the replays and well it works
welcome back on og reset oh yeah for
sure they can and they want a TI you
know they're mentally tough team I feel
like if any teams gonna do it and
they're able to like walk it off and
have fun it's gonna be oh gee you saw no
tell like spamming voice lines till the
very end spamming his face literally I
think they're beaming it up too with
like the the faces all right it's like
the first step by the way towards the
reconciliation well let's see how well
they mean in the upcoming game because
the teams are taking the stage once
again
there you go our shoulder to shoulder
they do look like they are reset and
ready to go
shake it up no then you up tailor surf
don't you blitz I do I do
Yugi is also relaxed as they are one
game up that definitely takes some
pressure off you know what also takes
pressure off a nice relaxing massage
[Music]
hi how are you
Thompson
[Music]
oh hey wake up
wake up ya know
are we done here I know I always ask
this of players but I am fascinated by
whether or not you guys feel stressed
cuz you do this is what you do all the
time
yeah a dick massages other things yes
the dodo claim I'm saying dota isn't
that stressful that traveling I I hate
it why do you hate traveling I don't
know I just stressed about stupid things
like what losing my phone oh oh
interviews what can I do in interviews
to make you feel less nervous I don't
know there's just sit home playing dog
on this aren't there in front of a
camera it's like what fuck is this but
you're on camera while you play yeah but
there what's in the game they're
watching us play they're not watching us
watching us yeah what's the question you
hate getting asked the most
I don't tell who is the most likely
person on your team to make a mistake
that's not fair no that's really shit
Crescent I found it it was easy
[Laughter]
[Music]
how crucial is crucial is Anna to your
roster cuz I know that you had to play
without him for quite some time yeah it
is it's like a favorite my favorite fare
like I'm a big fan of fish and I know
understands me and I understand Anna and
it wasn't the case with other players so
for me it was it's really really nice to
play Donna do you feel any extra
pressure coming back is txc I know what
you're trying to say ah no not really I
mean we have had pretty average year it
just barely made it to TI right and
we're so happy that we made it to TI and
we'll see how we feel then but right now
they're feeling wishing good I think
what are you gonna do after your dota
career ends someday oh man I'm gonna buy
a house and Arden sealants so you're
just gonna live a quiet life yeah that's
the dream fast forward 20 years ring
ring ring yeah you pick up the phone and
it's me oh shit Hopson thanks for doing
this mm-hm I feel like I'm raising my
hand to ask a question you who Dobson
over here yeah I was just wondering how
you're planning on beating all the other
teams at TI and I know you destroy the
throne and then they lose easy
[Music]
you destroyed a throne and then they
lose or than you win that is the goal it
seems pretty simple can they do that
here in Game two
cuz if they don't they're gonna go to
the lower bracket haven't experienced
that yet in a while let's find out what
is going to happen in Game two of eg og
it is time for the draft
[Music]
[Applause]
love the way they set up their lanes and
they played super aggressive throughout
the game I think that's definitely a key
factor for them going into this next one
versus og because that just looked it
looks super good right they just took
over the whole game is they kept making
those aggressive plays or picks from
berlin-- heroes I I was a real question
mark in the last pic in Booker against
Toledo yeah and there's our spare room
and those Islands
they weren't that great to the pa is
pretty weak 3/5 is pretty weak yeah
looks like we have same bands so far so
this is always fun to see are they gonna
do something different are they gonna
stick with the same heroes one thing I
feel like I see if in terms just does
make it through is they pick heroes that
actually can kill her yeah they take
magic Nucor is that kind of a thing but
OG did themselves no favours at all a
tsunami showed the last segment they
didn't have ways to kill her and as a
result every other early movements just
we're completely counteracted and it
made the stomp so much harder yeah I
definitely booth Febby just pick some
stronger lanes
I think shadow demon was ignored right
that was one here that made it through
the entire trap stuff and because they
opened up with the grim stroke so EG
didn't feel like they had to go for it
they wanted the crystal Maiden so yeah
Steve one of the few series that we
actually see it just wasn't touched now
it was a bad last game I don't believe
it was I think the event Ichi yeah so
they're like they're like having some
they're baiting by enchantra's pick I
think now they're also making sure that
they can get themselves et - right
they're like eg you have to ban or
otherwise we get alchemists yeah all
right they're switching the formula up a
little bit so they're forced to bend
that out cuz of it so now you can get
that answer itself yeah I mean it's
definitely more of a comfort pick for
them it's something they've been picking
consistently for seven the offlane and
it's putting the strong arrow in their
hands yeah and like I said in the first
game booter seems like the only five
that's really comfortable on the
Enchantress it's right here already
you're talking about ways to kill and
chant wrist right elder titan put decent
amount of magic damage also a big
amplification Mirana high magic damage
if you are able to get on top and good
combos and another thing that Marana has
been really effective at so far this
tournament is just like stomping games
with really effective rotations and good
disable setups basically one disable
into a three to five second stun that's
almost always going to be a killed hero
if as long as they can line fill out the
rest of their lineup with a lot of other
stunt setups eg might be able to just
stop the lanes kind of similar to last
game just gonna go for their Earthshaker
here the way to disrupt like those type
of combo plays so surprise you shadow
team is just not gonna be touched not
even going for the save but you do see a
lot of times versus like being are the
under on it yeah it's very rare actually
that I feel like moronic it's picked
well I see still the pool because it is
too figured counter there but they let
it through it is a really good hero with
a Enchantress a colorful enchantress
sweeping whoa oh this is which is the
lack of teamfight sure crystals have a
lot of damage but it lacks lockdown and
the peak a Wii controller which
Earthshaker provides also potentially
interrupt the elder Titan combos
possibly stunning Ron at the right time
could help a lot drop a fissure when she
needs to throw her arrow for example
those kinds of things could be a
solution as well it's really less likely
but I think it's pretty cool to see
songs Mariana - because I know he's
loved east on their hero yeah both
straps are kind of flexible right now at
this point like you said oh gee they
could be playing The Enchantress they
could move it around if they want to
choose to do so DT is probably locked as
like a five position I would probably
have seen crit also played so for five
smarana also kind of flexible so it's
probably oh five ET no yeah for them so
I would imagine right that's what
they're thinking as well - by bending
out that stanking
I think you got that easy setup also
that high magic damage here oh yeah
that's true and with Vale as well if you
pair ET with a common veil builder the
amount of magic damage you're doing this
massive a lot more than even normal so
which is enchantress is weakly weakness
enchanters is really affair - magical
damage and it takes out a team fight or
two right like the syncing provides
quite a bit so that's why they're
looking to ban that one out
every spirit getting banned by evil
geniuses a very good hero for jumping
around the teamfight
Oh also pretty possible to avoid things
like arrow set up sometimes because if
you have even a tiny fraction of a
second where you aren't stun you can
dodge arrows and dodge other abilities
so will be a little bit of a headache
for all the time defending it so getting
on top of these heroes can be pretty
easy as an ember spare to like elder
titan play a lot of the hero you you
just get jumped on instantly you get
rooted in the middle of your stomp
animation it messes with you more on the
same thing you get rooted you can't leap
the whole time it's a long duration
lockdown frustrating here to play
against for sure if you do have an ETA
Barona
conquer the next band very comments that
appear with Muranos always a lot of
teams successfully use that combo just
because it gives you the easiest settup
ever I wonder what kind of damage hero
each is gonna pick I think I assume like
s4 is going to play some AoE
magic for damage control hero which can
kill the Enchantress what do you think
in like a tiny or something
too early to tell
yeah I think it's sorted I feel like
kind of a bit too single target as well
what about tidehunter tidehunter was
like first phase man and the beachy LGD
series earlier today but we haven't seen
either of these guys touching it I think
something like that would be useful here
kite is pretty cool you can like stop
though or shaker from getting his combos
off with the ravage but I assume like if
they do pick tide they need more damage
I don't think it's not it's enough
damage what about like a typical like
mid laner turned off laner like a leash
or a pug no lush band of course no
national something like that would work
and putting his plant it was a very
common opening for a lot of teams
actually go like et less just because
you amplify your damage so much but I
think they what about their like the
gyrocopter for eg for that first I don't
know I don't like the Tyrell versus
enchanters not sure but I think it can
go both ways
yeah gyro can get on top of injectors
sure but enchantra's like by nature can
is a good hurricane pipe fire they can
like shoot impetuses from very far it
can out range those gyros so sometimes
it can go the other way around
yeah I've seen kind of evokes ik teams
have a think the exact same way right
we've seen some teams like they pick the
gyro in th enter another seems they pick
the Enchantress first at the gyro just
huh yeah it's fun fun to see those type
of back and forth three teams be an ogre
yeah very high health very high armor
tanky hero can be a three down over high
magic damage you know it's all
especially with DT Zora
so the downside that the the part that
it doesn't fit of what you wanted Febby
is no not that much AE we damage
basically so you can't push out lanes
barrel but you can't just stay in your
lane living it not be harassed out of it
and continue to pressure that way that's
one option for the hero and then later
on during the teamfights it's a natural
pipettor go to so our shaker is not
gonna have as much impact
how do you feel about that Peck I was
thinking void for eg about a bit good
for the AoE control and especially with
the et but yeah Mooji picks void
it's okay because enchantress provides
damage every time you have what we can
want damage in your Chrome and I think
enchantress is the damage I took it
might've been a bit of a steal pick
right maybe if Yugi was gonna look for
it because it's I mean with the et
Moroni it's amazing so that does kind of
look like they just kind of robbed that
one a YF eg was looking to go for that
type of hero yeah cuz that's definitely
one of the issues with the Branagh pick
right now is that there just aren't a
ton of aricept obviously stomp is
amazing but in the laning stage it's
gonna be a little bit harder avoid also
even good against that if they're
lacking disables ogres gotta get close
range to land his stun et's got to land
this obvious stomp that that boy can
easily time walk so right now Muranos
not looking like the best for actually
and they might it I mean he still could
move it right now they have bloodlust as
well they they're keeping themselves
open to switching it up still on the
side of Ichi that's true
like Feb you're saying right like sumail
he loves playing his Marana sometimes
and we've seen it we have seen a couple
Kormoran as we have seen a couple of
them in the mid lane from I think I
think I know BG played it a couple of
times too they're gonna take the gyro no
it's something that they need so may we
saw masks were damaged gyro feels a
little bit iffy against chronosphere +
enchantress to me though cuz I mean he
traditionally does get a lot of health
and yes maybe he'll buy a butterfly at
some point but getting
chronosphere and not having too many
saves on the backline
might be really scary for he's my
favorite pairing though with other
tightening favorite carry pairing
because your mix you're not just
physical damage you're very high magical
damage so you work really well and it
provides you extra teamfight which I
think that they you know the ogre might
have made them lack a little bit there
yeah it's a couple that eg is very
familiar with we've been seeing it a
couple of times in the crew stages to
which ret tiny that looks like it's a
very high potential for Thompson's hero
he's been super dominant action hero
when I saw him playing it for the most
part just being able to constantly run
around and just wreak havoc on the map
especially versity squishies gyrocopter
can tend to be a little bit squishy
sometimes no tickets are with the expert
- I think it like just inputs insane a
while of damage and I think it's all it
can be a cool you call
the void plus tiny with tiny eggs that's
true I like that no it's really good
with Lloyd it helps so much I think
mineski was running that earlier hey
what the corona would come out and then
you do the tiny tree toss you get in
like six seven eight trees really good
cobble was that the same thing that I
did secret have a tune with the void and
the tiny I think mid one brush - yeah I
know the apps are still chronosphere a
few times
probably yeah there's a lot of a lot of
lot of Chronos through those games
oh yeah you're right actually that's a
good point cuz I remember him he skipped
the echo saver hey why not go save her
after we went straight eggs which was
interesting to me because usually it's
like you want your echo cuz you apply
the slope but if you have something like
that huge lockdown you don't need the
extra slow you're gonna be having that
big damage pump into its own that's I'm
expecting to eg to throw a dryer in the
midlane myself just because two males
typically the guy that plays it on their
team I mean if you do land an arrow mate
even if there isn't a setup it sometimes
there can't be with homing missile it's
a good hero for crossing the river and
eventually getting solo kills at the
stuns long I don't know if it's gonna be
super viable against tiny because Tiny's
health is pretty high but we won't get
many last hits in that lane though if
you're mid versa tiny that's true you
can use the missile to stone him every
now and then but the base damage
advantage is really high but so flexible
right they still can choose to move it
around depend on which matchup they do
want to have we have one bright side is
they can probably route control maybe a
little bit better with the mana and the
drivers a lot faster so running him down
may be lower chance of Jardine
last fancier batrider again being banned
towards OG they are kind of lacking
their five position hero and then OD
being banned on against Evie who should
have been another great hero for setting
up airs that they throw OD in the mid
lane especially against a melee like
tiny super easy to banish and get
guaranteed arrows so it would have been
a pretty easy way for topspin losses
lane a lot of the Kankuro d bands when
there's a Priam early Marana picks it's
like you kind of just have to cover your
bases yeah so what are they gonna grab
for the last hero G could play the tiny
as a four that could put the Enchantress
on a five that could leave tops enough
to grabbing an entirely new hero here if
they really want to but there's only
cool things that we can do right now
they can put five in chantry's mid tiny
and like pick on you or hero for
Darren's Phoenix 2spooky even if there's
a me ran out the other team you have
void it feels I think it sounds okay but
I just feel like they're lacking easy
disables and gank stuff that isn't
teamfight like ultimate base it's like
chronosphere maybe like blink
Earthshaker
or blink tiny but I feel like they need
something reliable maybe okay I think
it's a it's a good feed seeded game
there's a lot of magical damage coming
out of you geniuses right now right now
order damage is matched for damage and
now our second spare is just gonna be
gate a lot of that damage and they use
Oracle's ultimate to just purge off a
stunt if they if somebody like if the
faceless void gets stunned at a crucial
moment tiny gets not a crucial moment to
remove that let him take a teamfight
it's pretty cool
I was thinking void might beetle stud I
might need a save because there's a lot
of lockdown from Evil Geniuses and there
was no save on from og on to the Oracle
tech so they could have
bursted a void down before the teamfight
started is it gonna be strong enough to
lane against an ogre though like the
other here if that's an offline ogre
you have to slap that guy a lot to get
killed they're just gonna go the
terrorblade again it worked last time
for them but now there's lien changes of
the other side where things yeah
so I don't know I think this is chapters
versus TV matter is pretty hard for the
TV it should be a lot of damage if if TV
is disabled they should be able to combo
potentially an enchantress can just
chase down the TV and just saw take away
though illusions Equipe ruling his farm
what about the other way around
reflection against the OD heroes did the
reflections get bashes not sure anyways
that is the the draft for game number
two here eg vs. og let's send it over
for an interview with sashka alright
tell me how you're feeling about this
draft and how would you rate it compared
to what you did in Game one
buzzing about pretty fine drops twice
you know I think we got a bit of up on
them so I'm playing Anakin oh yeah what
did you say to your team to help them
reset heading into this game I mean we
were ready for this we know it is a guy
team we're ready for to go see game so
yeah I just had them to keep going you
all better yeah we'll see still
confident I love it
best of luck we'll talk to you soon
fight back to you guys and we really are
looking for that they came to repeat
history from last TI it was semi-final
to that these teams met up of course
then it was og who to one down eg what
can happen this time around they're
confident they're confident with the
trough this time around since there's a
couple of things that can have some
things work eg could win this game and
they're 200g could win this game then
they're 1 & 1 Wow
and then for the third game would you
believe it there's also 2 possible
outcomes in that game so that would be
you know that if you do like a flowchart
of this it's really complicated but yeah
you'll figure it out eventually
ok so I want to talk a little bit about
this game specifically The Enchantress
pick that they were talking a little bit
about on the draft panel
I think they logic that EGR applying
this game that makes them pick the Tara
blade again is they want to carry that
first of all that farms really well when
it's given space eg zeros are really
good at fighting early on outside of our
teases hero and sure interest has a good
matchup against terribly in the lane but
terribly it isn't gonna Lane he's gonna
play there until he's level four or five
when it seems like enchantress the
starting to get scary it's gonna retreat
to the jungle and if enchantress starts
hunting terribly in the enemy jungle she
can get ganked by gyro from mid that's
the whole idea here it can go deep into
the jungle he can play the opposite
jungle as well probably not the radiant
one but you know what I mean that around
the triangle with terribly it and have a
good time for oh gee however you have
very big AoE spells and cooldowns and if
they don't connect on the Terra blade I
just seen his fights being relatively
free oh yeah what's actually killing
this terribly in this game they don't
have heavy single target burst outside
of enchantress
Tiny's okay for a while yeah but then
what high knees damage late-game is
physical what happens if you can't kill
him before he can sub them that's that's
always yes it's like this that's your
first image from the tiny which starts
to wear off after a while but they do
have really great combinations maybe
this is the reason why socially just
feel so confident like we always look at
the thing that works with the coronary
lot longer the days that we do sue
there's the skyrest page now we trust we
toss trees you have Compson we can do
insane amount of damage and written
chant rest' who can make the most of
that control arrogant to with the work
with the impetus she can throw out like
there's just a lot of things that they
can work with birthday but i think
there's something very clear in what
you're saying to is the absolute
majority of the damage we're talking
about is physical or physical based
enchantress hits our physical attacks
you can get evasion against it as
terribly the tree throw is physical you
get a lot of armor and terribly
naturally and void is more or less 100%
physical damage to so I think for the
name of the game for og here is play
high tempo I don't think trading farm
when playing a slow game here is going
to favor them in the long
your plants elder tight late game one of
the stronger supports with the aura for
a lot of damage and of course let's not
forget the mid hero for eg also scale
it's a giant yeah plenty of the way up
in the way of a game with bloodless -
and it's been one of the most popular
heroes of ti9 we get our lanes up so eg
running the safe lane the et and the
terrible tell wow that's a lot of damage
on - no doubt she's trying to back
himself up the Oracle as Norton will
save you went fortune in to begin with
head into the trees only tango is to
bring his life back up again at s4
copping the same kind of damage from an
ax
no tell use the fortune femme to secure
range creep and no escort immediately
went for the fire blasts into arrow
combination with crit something I don't
remember one the talent on the other
panel mentioned this that og should
probably look to get better lanes this
time around they're pulling all a cool
boy this is also not a very strong Lane
so once again they're at the they're
running the risk of getting pressure
pretty hard in this honor Lane their mid
lane is good though tiny is just a
flat-out strong laner in general and
their other Lane enchantress shaker is
very strong
speaking of in chat wonder shaker
they're really good up in the face of
odd cz flying he did the poll that's why
they're underneath the talent said
trying to get as much damage in as
possible but that's easy they're trying
to bait him into using the metamorphosis
leave a vision logged in mount for
potentially getting some kills on creeps
and one of them including the range
creep and he still refused to use it
he's been holding it back another small
thing is also the third the ward fission
fly he actually put a sentry ward down
which is able to block the camp up on
the top so there's no pole for OG to
work with and that century wood is only
barely out of range of the observer
water that's watching the stacking from
flying so just a fun finding game up on
the north it's a pretty unusual play for
elder Titans to block a camp like this
yeah he's just he's he's too scared of
The Enchantress pressure with the
enchants villain with for good reason if
SAP gets like satyr or a centaur there's
play combos that could give a kill on
the Artie's
so this way he keeps on Isis a
metamorphosis has now finally been
burned from RTZ took until level three
he's got two points up in the conjure
image so 70 Rex is holding back for the
moment
crits waiting for the next attack he's
waiting for some males homing missile to
come ball at bottom lane s4 and Naruto
held him there their stick title
semester he'll get back underneath the
tower close call as base to at least
make RIT feel like he has to move off
the lane he found the illusion room he's
coming in with a selves as well so s4
will be back in fighting shape and no
tails out of mana
he has no resources left so this Lane
now plays itself for eg they might even
get the kill here if they're if they
play it right be fast about it they're
focusing down on anima he can always
just time walk this off and he's got
those four stick charges no town's gone
bush crit s4 here comes your level to
five blast out while up on top once he
just get away bit snort out it stunned
up into the tree line they have the
damage and they have the vision and Adam
actually being given the live from
Naruto that's all he could do at the end
of this here's something to make Ana's
lane work yeah it's not looking too hot
down here right now
both safely nurse being punished but
terribly it's not having a free time the
void is not having a free time and
that's where there's just a fundamental
difference in these two carries get
terribly flaming stage is bad he's gonna
go jungle minute for our level 4 what's
more gonna do he has to lane he's stuck
down here and he's playing with an
Oracle who now had level 3 so no till is
a lot stronger now than before with the
two points and purifying flames there is
some kill potential
of how similar was Hinchey for the rune
he doesn't get it it was really hoping
you what it says a haste rune for crit
one-third of his HP is up and running
but he's hoping to probably get the
arrow against Hopson ifs Amell could
just get a good homing missile off but
then again Thompson he's saying run on
top of some L with his own damage and
Thompson is playing this lane as
expected he's winning against the mill
this is a very tiny favorite matchup in
isolation early on just has way better
base damage like was mentioned on the
panel but some L is it still he's still
doing all right but he's he's getting
denied for sure which is the problem
Thompson's gotta go for some damage here
cutting it pretty close to mail make
this at the damage update patella
Thompson makes a break for the tree line
the male can actually reach him Thompson
doesn't have a manner for a toss away
but he's got tried in 10 seconds
yeah Noir will get a bouncer room as
well unless fly he's coming over there's
the tiny chair access done here and this
will be matter on the Tunney nil and
three ball over and shonda's up so fly
they saw it with the Avalanche since
moved over as well fly he can get one
punch in the ain't no one punch man be
very clearly placed the motel flag
staring him in the eyes when he thought
get in their minds that's what RG lost
and that's one thing you can't beaut
can't remove the flex and see Archie
understand this they just get around it
enter an S for really going hammer and
tongs the bottom line note so let's
throw the four tubes in the star he's
giving us for something to think about
that s4 has got 900 HP getting your dog
get through this Erica and purchase
blood loss stone
it's a it's a minor annoyance T's got
metamorphosis again no pressure into
that top tower over the territory a
protector in this game but on a single
point of damage has been done to that to
you on tower on top Chris trying to leap
himself away I see Topsham moving
arteries already uses combination the
observed wood gives them all the
information they need Thompson two
seconds till toss is off cooldown crit
leaps up a little bit further round now
goes for a short range error he doesn't
have another leap above Thompson has
both avalanche and toxic head toss
available Thomas yeah top Simon is dead
so nicely done costumes thanks Dawson Oh
artis is in trouble to the Iraq
Jarrett's able to get the double stone
fly couldn't do anything to help them
out the sofas already used now fly is
moving into the tree lines he'll go for
another stop but G right just waves it
out Clark quickly this is that Chris
pecan to play you're expecting to come
in from oh gee they play this ton
timings right they get the chains right
hand out against the lead to body block
as far in the tree you can slow it down
once again turns out it's never ending
fortunes n fur coat Awards s for the
sons at least on faces points on Man
O'War keep this pressure up he's getting
good farm though on the void now the
start was a bit tough he got pressured
but no tail brought extra region Crick
was roaming a little bit on the Murano
which gave on a more space and now they
might even kill us for here Phil I'm
very very oriented with no piranhas to
stay with him the princess of the food
is currently absent from the throne as
full
actually a view from north on the
Backstrom and we'll do the right Tom Wow
yes if he's low on line behind me miss
all will come to finish the job dear
I've tried to help out to Thompson ran
down our teases all the way to the j-3
and killed him
so this all dynamic is really
interesting because the enchantress will
not be chasing him but the tiny is one
of those heroes that can quickly push in
the mid lane to start making go and move
for the enemy jungle and he can solo
kill terribly this early on terribly
there's no health
he's also got no net worth just for all
net worth brough you see him he's fought
from the bottom not even mm to this
narrow place named es currently has more
net worth on the support cheer axe
Thompson does not get the ring yet it's
bought him he probably trying to run
down and take this region after pushing
out mid he knows it's there and then
it's there's nobody going to take it
right now it said the illusion to deny
it
yeah and he sent his hero into the other
side of the jungle but now he's gonna
maybe get smoked outs or if he dies
again this all could scan from Dyer the
big lights is happening they just follow
the illusion they put down the
protection now it's easy he needs space
he needs time and Thompson doesn't want
to give manthe they leave an observed
what back behind the tier 2 Tower to
your ex is waiting on the hill at easy
be set upon on all sides
the courier's coming out to deliver the
roadbed hey guys I think I know where he
is he's in the trees but you'll lose the
enchanted fellow that's going go Prince
able to get him while edgy and looking
the other way
SEMCOG greeting and don't friends talk
about it though finally they found it
drop the newts drop the hammer
that's easy they want to stay on top of
them it's not playing dota right now why
it's also in trouble in the back lines
t-rex chased him into the trees that top
fight took its tall chair axis needs to
hit him once and fly you can keep moving
around the rock wall around the tree but
your axis totem it has the reach while
Hana he has the actual life getting to
hit time up don't toss him down - they
have - damn it between the two chords it
is looking spicy Roach here right now
that is true
their landing stage I was skeptical on
the start especially about this bottom
lane but things are looking great right
now
mainly because our teeth these econ
cross at top lane except in real trouble
in the middle of a call down the
attendance will not help him the army
from Samoa we'll wipe that smile off his
face while flight comes the tier 2 Tower
grx and talks and once again come Boeing
together than the smash brothers right
now s4 as well as ought to easy the TP 3
[Applause]
odhh you're playing really really good
daughter right now and now the roads as
well they have look perfect we don't
what they need to do in the game with
this tiny I think Thompson is having a
huge game impact right now even if he
doesn't kill arteezy's just ruining his
game look what he's doing
and I had the double damage rune he just
wants to go on towards easy but the tire
observer Ward it scattered out the
movement so with the DD rune he won't
get the dilip into chronosphere and it
was probably looking for we've been
talking a lot about are there other two
parts are not looking too shabby
gyrocopter almost talked networth ochre
is ahead of the enchantress here we go
again
talk to me oh dear
[Applause]
don't tell the elf the worst thing can
you even blame him they'd like smoked
him two or three times and deep ones
taking 50% of the killer
Thompson how fast can this guy be
enabled phase boots out move through the
trade and none the fidget block t-rex
this is wild support yet he is one of
the greatest and annotating the tier 1
tower to boost keep him out of lane the
shadows will take eg the walk in the
shadows Grantham the observer Ward
Thompson he actually deplored that he
had the radiance century there now AG's
even lost the vision and they've got G
racks right behind him they're ready to
fight on bottom lane the radiant century
and weren't even matter then waited at
the time the observed would didn't see
it sees some elf or a half barman as
well that sports a blended options of
engine from t-rex bar officers pulled
out bull arrived tops and then finally
can it has this free
that's a long backup the t1 town it is
indeed
that's the comeback mechanic six undergo
and a stop net worth and they're gonna
immediately smoke again oh gee have no
vision here so they don't know this is
happening this is not the easiest smoke
to predict but if they want cross the
entire map maybe it will be predicted
okay the topper in in bisman they're not
gonna grab this I think they're looking
for Anna but well Derek says she broke
the smoke is already tp'ing um towards
the shrine he understands that something
shady is happening Derek saw the room
get taken here I think this might blow
this gank from og butt-head Allah when
they grabbed this room no he's still
under arms
Derek's pin get out he set the runes
gone and all of you choose hers were
missing but Anna still stuck the routes
upon the camp bit greedy probably felt
he was safe to having the observed
loaded the length and as he said like
they would smoke up from the bottom lane
and not just run directly at him and
that space far too easy
they've reestablished some control in
this top area so terribly gets to play a
little bit now they still way behind par
for course on this hero but slowly
recovering and OG they're gonna keep up
the pressure they will keep playing fast
they have the same read that playing
this slow and letting EG get space is
not the way to go it's a great day my
dad bought down Tommy so this is coming
a cook take away from free will create
space over
bicha something esoteric actually turns
dump the arrow and maybe a little bit
too late the call down it's breakfast
Mountain playing from inside the trees
with a black gonna damage Jarek that's a
bonafide Thompson he'll have to say from
3,000 grx more beans are lofty 9ss fault
birth dying over on the opposite sides
of the lane and Thompson finally now
back up to full health just tosses away
the juror comes up at easy has arrived
it up against Seth is not the hero he
wants to fight but as eg do this chase
the Dyer observed award that og ran out
under is what helped them set up for
this fight I'm not finding anything else
13 minute 40 min to Hannah - in here for
Vanna meanwhile on the northern side of
the lane he was just again not involved
was just farming farming farming farming
keeps ramping up a lot of the times you
would like your voice ooh at least use
the coronal when it's off cooldown then
you can go back to farming but not even
bad Terence Fisher actually oh he's a
male up to the high ground with the et
split up Dotel is no safe to this at all
meanwhile Anna does he want to go for a
solar killing us easy he's got their
damage he actually has nothing brutal
and shudders beat but so they can all
just walk away or they're gonna walk
into topside
the
the divine the creep never hit the deck
the Thompsons not done you know he's
never done our tendrn they're running
for it up on ba ya know TZ never go for
stuff to the t1 town to attack talks
especially wrapping around the side but
all you'll find his illusions kindly
that topped our take some damage but
they here for the bounty is too here for
the money
and now our TZ is catching up to a boy
would you believe it he was sold far
behind but this last sequence from eg is
massive they defend their tower down
though they F win for validity two to
one
it's a good terribly game what can I say
they've been shutting him down as hard
as they could but one misstep one over
extension and that finger chrono play it
just failed we're just not in the right
position with their heroes said it's
just gonna okay he's gonna get arrow but
not get compote down they won't get the
deny on this Midtown most likely it's a
fantastic observer and sentry down from
eg they actually saw Thompson coming in
with the blink dagger so the reveal was
actually found by the observer warden
but you do have this double job this
feels like a way that og can do battle
those two to one odds
we need to see a lot more action out of
Thompson I think he's playing an
integral role right now in the game his
one overextension second overextension
he got saved by OG by no-tell but you've
got to be you've got to be on your toes
sitting back it's not the play right now
still but it still feels like he's
waiting for Hannah to be ready like yeah
you gotta be fighting you're gonna be
looking for kills but how long until Ana
will actually come into these fights how
long until they look for the combination
errored Thompson's in the trees he's
fine got rid of the siege creep just
saving some HP on the tower t-rex is
gonna get his blink dagger on bottom
lane as well they want to kill some male
he's such a huge Kelley 7 and 0 if they
know this kill streak is extremely
valuable and he's gonna buy confident
you've got crit right behind ana
moonlight shadow instantly bunt
the second Thompson jumped out the tree
lines they went for it and crit he's
talking him into the trough he be big
didn't you simply ah he thought he
quelling crew uh-huh
well he doesn't have a quality whoa I
don't know about all right
probably yeah he old my thought it
perhaps or I thought the blink dagger
was still ready whatever it was he got
out mid lane we're gonna have a sleep
but they're not going to be able to
combo to point natures and tangents and
three points untouchable said we're
gonna stick around and attempt to denial
fly how I like that from set he waited
it out and flying he's gonna get
punished looking for that denial as for
gonna go for his own something to talk
to him for the future is there from
t-rex but they can't keep the pressure
up just yet but goal down from some out
creating more space for the Ergo sense
willing to run into it but for how long
and now the tossed tiny pulling back as
long arrow flies for it hits on the
attention he's protected and Thompson
he'll actually have the extra life
through the false promise the flak
cannon from smell as much damage as he
can they'll start him up and now maybe
with the impetus they have enough damage
top on goal he just missed the talkback
and the extra stop Madeira don't bring
it
[Applause]
finally they bring down the yard but it
caused so much
oh there's forecast think they can't be
happy with that Oh G Thompson plankton
tries to get the tossing gyro doesn't
get a second attempt he tosses out the
shaker I think wasn't that what he did I
think that's what I did that was really
chaotic but it looked like you tossed
out the shaker we can look at it again
in a second he's looking for another
jump
avalanche toss combination body with a
double damage rune Thompson able just to
get the kill on the fly get something
back here but yeah have another look at
that fight and seeing the series of
events and testily feels like such a
hard run for OG but hey though he were
down to 33% win odds right now it's
gonna be hard to matter what they timed
up a bit it's looking better and spicy
print will however be getting the spirit
missile now it's going to help them have
options so here you go there's the
enchant eco combo there it is who tosses
him out they both get slept the splitter
comes down the middle
fortunately for OGG terrible aid is not
useful right now when it comes to
fighting so they don't get punished
harder than that because it's only the
board heroes but more space for rtz
he is still gaming in this game and some
male staying alive is really really big
for them he's such a valuable kill they
get the over it's something but he's
actually lower net worth than his
piranha now as far as still aiming for
20 minute - that's of course they can
smell it some al wants to kill on bottom
lane
no it's 9:00 time that's why they didn't
see Naruto the protection is there and
you'll have to use his earn old when the
false promise trying to escape from this
illusion he's owning the time to
actually heal up in the tree line gerrae
won't be fined anyway yeah looked like
print might want to try to chase him
there so males gonna see him no there's
a tree man got the tree easy that exam
oh now you'll see him told you who's
gonna see him the point daggits up cool
down blink Carver but hey crits over
here let's so it's Naruto
so now if he wants to try and change it
there's a lot of help it's head hit by
that long stun duration of crit
sorry still wanting to play catch send a
lot of defensive heroes here to keep
Schafer safe
they do manage but that's about all to
come out from that it has to be the
slowest - for an ogre I've seen its
various - aw thanks easy this will be a
huge kill for Thompson even loving
Avalanche
tall seeds Annika
Thompson's down for the count Artesia
knew his limits who saw Thompson wasn't
completely convinced to be good killer
so he started hitting him first before
going for the Avatar scramble to get him
low enough but even then it was still
not enough arteezy with the strength
[Applause]
to create the gym
oh that's so bad news for them rtz got
the kill on tops and that's another 425
goal he almost has BKB now these two
kills in mid lane some male they're just
they're progressing so well in the game
and all of this while again Colonel is
ready there how many crows have they
used this game like one two yeah 132 I
am here to mid lane and mid like golden
bird shot
I think was good too I remember this is
a 21 minute game where onna actually had
a pretty good laning stage we thought it
was gonna get harder than it was and I
think oh gee kind of need him they make
moves the logic that they're playing the
void with was just staying out of fights
and farming a lot he is a hard carry but
you have to consider what you're giving
away by doing this this is the time that
your line of is supposed to peep or
you're the ones who are supposed to make
the moves and I'm fine with him AFK
farming improvements on hold on
absolutely I don't think I don't think I
should be looking for fights with time
dilation and only that and the time walk
button down his team needs him right now
meanwhile Nietzsche continues to bomb
some bales go back at him set to the
maelstroms coming out in the Korea a
full BKB is now arrived for the
terrorblade set trying to go on to s
fall at hand - well at least he got it
off before he died finesse falls down
once again moon lion shudder from eg did
not arrive in time and toxin just one
small walking up blindly uphill the Sam
I'll be ready to fight this Korea
solisten brought his item to him but
they weren't Cara Compton
from eg TOEFL like dominoes there we go
that's the big fight for Mooji that they
were waiting for of awesome April from
jaracz and you just see the ball through
Boyd whoreson vault this time gets an
easy double kill with the chrono and SEF
ends the streak of the gyro getting 800
gold closing in on his beat baby and our
TV happy kid either
he just didn't get it off yeah he got
surprised by the stuns got blown up all
that magic damage from the shaker
currently is enough later on it will be
harder but for now he gets the jump done
probably thought he had the full
advantage and this is this is danger
zone for eg the items will start to roll
in he said like you look towards the BKB
for the Enchantress but I'm looking to
was the academic scepter of Thompson
what happens when this corner starts to
be amplified more than just an ins
Mjolnir attack he's going for his own
BKB - yep
Terrax we'll get a full stop Laura tells
looking for earn charges makes items on
the wish list but eg just want to kill a
ball else mark up all together on oh no
echo this is the time to take a good
fight they have metamorphosis as well
they might just force broken it go
Roshan today break this mark garden
nurse house is a little bit too far away
so they slip inside the pit and oh jeez
been checking for a while Shawn said 50%
side gunner Ichi spirits down is walking
out that may be another upset but it's
already done eg under the cover of the
moonlight shadow will walk out of the
Rose pit with the agate of receptor agus
the immortal gyrocopter ready to fight
that's a great play for all right no G
you've got a good team fight with your
Ultimates now we're gonna get something
for free and I think Oh jeah thank you
that this Rose was happening I don't
even know if they would have come there
that fight is extremely hard to take
your fight against elder titan in the
pit Bessemer onna that can arrow you
from all angles and you don't have your
big spells to kill the terribly with so
now each you have to smoke and go again
that's kind of like that choice I'm not
seeing a spark on anyone from eg I think
they want to chill until terribly miss
met again Oh terribly it's gonna jump
that's not what they want to happen the
arrow flies forward it done this you can
try go under Oh give me free
they'll still offering that protect you
for the funny the et stomp is out and
there's nothing much you can do Titans
at the sleep through this battle Connie
oh snap does the protection is now
falling off EEG route from one time to
the next attempt car too much hit banana
he can't burners off CUDA he beamed the
crap out of the orga that's a lot of
crap together
ana don't discount the sparkly shields
able just to bounce it off with the prop
to get the kill on s4 terribly couldn't
rejoin and I think oh gee all things
considered there with the kill failing
to begin with getting Sunter off on the
terribly they'll take that one for one
trade that could have got her way worse
and still having a car still have it for
Iraq he's ready to jump
[Applause]
so much damage and that time there was
no Oracle safe didn't have the false
promise it was on cooldown and on a farm
Depok wrestling got punished
EGR fast they're really quick to exploit
openings in this game and while their
lead might not be that big in terms of
the network you have this feeling that
their game plan is just progressing
nicely from these extra little pics they
find here and there
the terribly it's learning to get some
more health sange and Yasha completed
now he's gonna farm and get the hell out
of here blinked into the trees dodge his
TP that ping exactly where he is but no
one can reach him
I'm loving this bubble swell forever
yeah give him the on cane get the push
going yeah metal ready in five so you
imagine our team is still looking for
that tiny they didn't figure out of TP
fun item for the yurga no orange for
this are good blink dagger head of - and
fly
give us some scream Nana all right yep
that's that's that happens
I've seen that look on someone's face
before it's the hot fuck face
didn't seem to give that with the EPS
don't huh like well just get back to it
again right like hey too far that's the
way to go
oh geez Spirit has been seemingly
unbreakable but if this continues they
might lose a series - oh and then we'll
see how unbreakable it will be in the
lower bracket but game they need to look
for a fight they have all those spells
Colonels up tiny combos up unless they
want to wait for an item
Thompson continues to walk with envision
it continues to get picked off he was
like eight and one at one point now he's
11 and four that's not the same momentum
style drop the og was looking for out of
Thompson and it's a big kill our TZ has
the are Cameron caught with the meta so
they will definitely be looking to do
some damage to those mid tier 2 Tower
still with the aegis and hand on some
male scouting arrow will not find
anything but don't think og are
interested in trying to defend this
sorry they actually need 200 gold ana is
trying to farm it up inside the jungle
to get his BKB now it's a hundred gold
so time Walker but all that's not
helping he doesn't rolling blade he
actually has to wait out his next time
long time but it's ok he's only gonna
take the tier 2 Tower in the meantime
but don't worry no one saw her
I wonder what our tease is going next if
he wants to go Scottie okay let's go
butterfly cuz both of the items given
really really pro to HP in this game the
butterfly giving the evasion against
both the Enchantress impetus against the
boy and of course against is it a tiny
the tiny tree throw the agility armor
still adds up and he will go butter over
the Scottie favors the just like its
overall tankiness I feel like it's
comparable in this game I think a Scotty
and a butterfly will fit roughly maybe
the butter will even give him more
health against these heroes and threats
switch on to strength you will have
about 2.2 K health leader you could
normally say I hate why not both but if
I don't you get one good fine he may not
have that option for the second it's
true Odie's line aha OTR absolutely not
out of it yet this game is over hey you
got Tony beating the crap out of a tier
2 tau as no one's here from eg to fight
this Nana will come in to help out as
well with the BKB completed the combo is
up from rog Ichi does have to give it
some level of respect the thing oh do
you need to make sure of is that they
find a way of combining their shaker and
Boyd effectively one of the weaknesses
of this pairing is that to an extent
they do the same thing in the fight
shaker wants to blink echo and stun lock
down people
Boyd wants to blink chrono or jump in
Colonel and do the same thing but they
can't do it on top of each other it
needs to be delayed and if they get the
idea at the same time it can be a
disaster if they layer it perfectly it's
super nice so gotta pay good attention
to how the fights start off this is a
lot of patience from eg on the top lane
how long do they hold this
no one's coming to defend the t1 tower
all right maybe we should push it Eugene
yep 30-minute bounty runes but in half
and half and another arcane ruin this is
bread and butter for terror blades well
maybe yes the corner to actually save at
the fish' holds about the fall stock
pushes him away to the beach they have
to make sure the detection was already
maybe with the passion they have another
toast available down Igor's 30 they're
dangerous they buy order acts
[Applause]
bit of a pickle leave the way home maybe
the pickle off the burger treetops gonna
be on target printers really he's moving
around the tree tops we're in the into
the side till the buy back door you want
Bob ten he's falling for the wrong
direction
recruits outlaw but they're pushing the
Midtown off while all this is going on
trim which is playing around the side
but Anna playing objective based gaming
with og they used the entering the fader
room face rather twenty minute Bob but
they'll still do it at thirty one and
remember what said all of this off was
in our team room Artesia wanted that
room to get the metamorphoses efficiency
and it ended up setting up og our
perfect team fight till later out the
room well and they're going to be
rewarded handsomely they get the full
Lane of racks from this it looks like it
looks like it and then they can just
back off preset by their items they're
not gonna complete the rocks that might
be defendable t-rex just buys a little
bit of space bling forward heads for
going on to t-rex there is bulk Chronos
now all cool down and they did get the
full length they didn't stop the secret
from attacking escort went for the
aggressive stun look at the money as
well mkb Gulf completed already
do you still gara tzm for the butterfly
i think you might want to change his
plan now and go Scotty I think now it's
I don't think he sendeth are like in the
quick ye still that butterfly is he
gonna fire the eager song as he walks
past EST years okay so they say didn't
get the information on Anna he doesn't
buy back now that's bold
they need to keep these lanes pushed out
and by by RTC at the time to pump look
at the swing and wind expectancy we've
just had on that XP graph over the last
five minutes oh gee have swung this game
by almost 50 percent from eg having
about almost 80 so now oh gee have about
60 all these combinations selling to
arrive for ho chi gives you confidence
going into the teamfights as long as
they're off cooldown but I gotta say man
I'm loving this jurrac see yes more than
I was loving the es in the first game he
is just being everywhere he feels
sacrificial but he's never properly
sacrificed was able to live change done
perfectly
scouting ro won't find anybody medli the
C's for a moment no tell that's a big
thing about this this comic emoji when
is that like he has all these good chain
stunts they don't have a save on an
Aegis lineup oh gee they have the Oracle
team to save people again in trouble
eg however if RTZ gets caught in Colonel
the only say that they have for him is
trying to stomp some heroes on the enemy
team but you're not stomping this B can
be void you're not stomping the BKB n so
poor you're gonna stop like these are
the guys killing him right now he's a
ghost busters hurricane plank turtley
Donnelly enchantress eg they're smirking
up to move out this cooks be abort
mission
they do have two of them on fly I need
to get planted as we look towards Roshan
counter he will respawn in 30 seconds
anna is more d having a peak time
walking into the pit smart won't break
sentries down but it's the observer what
behind them that's giving the
information per oggi
up on the hillside
the smoke the observer and sentries both
people at the same time jumping he was
banging out the moonlight shadow he's
died at the corona speed but then he
brings the arms back down yet they still
see fly on to the observer and century
he gets out of range in the century
however and Xerox that probably wasn't
the older he went to meant to do that in
but now he's conceived fly but he
weren't going remember Roshan's the
target they can't expend these huge
abilities on anything other than eg
Harris really nice dodge from eg I think
honest milk got broken by the ogre I
think it was and he blinked away
instantly and ahna tried to chase and
find something but couldn't get it so
not fruitful there from OG but they get
control of the area which also has value
with Roshan oh if you want to try to get
there that quite a ways to run they have
the smokes ready then plenty of in fact
three of them on blind but there's so
much damage on anithing and again
throughout the whole eg will arrive
having birth mkb and the me Anya sets
helping him out by tanking it through so
they're both taking any damage back from
Thompson he unafraid smoke here they'll
get rid of the observed woman's getting
information and now he just does the
treetops trying almost made out some
kind of ability in the trees
creating space acres has picked up it is
in the hands of Anna and they'll pass
the cheese over to Thompson he has the
crystallis available too so this tree
toss just this Bali asan fan over a
level right now
and now you've got a good really really
careful s e-g the push will be coming
eventually think a lot of pressure right
now is on fly shoulders hit a good slow
but stomp get a good splitter off they
will need every bit of damage they can
get yep they're buying up I'm wondering
if the courier can make the tracking of
sumela want to spend the money he can
buy a satanic right now he can't be on
older this is very unusual build from s4
and he feels like if he is getting
chained stunned you can perhaps provide
like a pseudo save weight RTC by just
going in and stunning people are
actually any of that or is could be one
of the few games that we don't see even
a Vlad's picked up like there's nothing
from eg and that's bad news for terribly
he loves have glanced in his team the
best thing is a ring of Basilius that's
that's it
quit prioritizing getting a solar crest
think it's a better choice than obliged
to you need to protect that one key guy
that gets hit in the chrono what solar
crest that can make the difference
between life and death
TP is coming to was the top just took
company brewed up here 36 and a half
minutes and crits gonna show himself
into York is instantly gonna chill if he
feels it's real and he feels it strongly
the fidgets the stunt the quickly pull
way maybe there's a control neuron Anouk
down into the trees once again crit
trying to use the a spot in the
moonlight shadow he just has to wait it
out at the stop he's just out afraid to
cream once again he gets visible fully
because of the leap away and now tear he
gets the flag down at the end was not
that crit was scared he was gonna get
caught
jerax with the gym just needs to get in
range and they get him good read from OG
sending up these two heroes here
expecting that somebody will go and push
the lane out in the air a right ichi
just trapped in the base but now ergy
looking for the killer blow
nothing but illusions to push out the
lanes tiny trying to find trees to work
with all Anna needs to do is get that
nice chronosphere with Thompson on the
tree line Anna multicart is arriving
from med school and Anna star stroke
lawyer can't really time walk off a lot
of that damage but hey SAP is there to
attend to his words the real Mercy bronc
game yep I agree
tips retail has been beat down here we
go again
long stunt on the arrow Anna members got
the agency model but it's the Lord
cooldown abilities fly getting smacked
in the that tree had missiles my back
has to arrive the mainly wreck is gonna
fall and is still waiting for the right
girl recipient I'm on T Z playing on the
edge lisa has done some of the damage
here to jump over PI over 2
need two-thirds of work five back to
Melbourne on TV is now or never
the Aaron hilf connect Thompson still is
having to stand there in the middle the
et splitter and has jumped itself back
again but as he he he terrified top he's
there to be saved
they're trying to get the no first time
it's nice to know we can talk to down on
the hillside but he actually TV that in
front of our TV on our TVs hard they
didn't take the racks third the Bailey
racks drop the two hundred is now regen
enough but that was a really expensive
hold and to buy back their terribly gyro
and allure tight just to defend they
didn't even get a good fight out of it
the Kielty how's it like the worst trade
in the history of trade deals maybe ever
that's really bad someone get them a new
negotiator who do you feeling very calm
comfortable right now in this game and
the primary problem is that RTC actually
they don't have a really good front
liner right you you want somebody that
goes in first starts the fight so that
art easy and Sammael don't get targeted
but the only guy who can really do it
with is over but he's not tanky enough
to feel like he can do it if you blink
speak heavies goes in he's just gonna
get focused and there's the damage which
is creep Holly
same on the kill kill fly this one
almost kills s fault now he'd be
dreaming of having that plus 40 strength
he's a quarter of a level away from it
even then I don't know if I'll help the
damage does seem to get stronger and
stronger from RG Vegas will be reclaimed
but now Boyd has only conspiracy well
he's going for a nagging him cept to
build on the void many chrono is as they
can get every minute
here we're going in yeah like it's
Poppins the way is the opening oh do you
want to go because there's no
metamorphosis so they feel like Yugi
can't take this fight so far they're
right they even have to save he's gonna
smoke up a level what do they do you
want to wrap around the back
Smart's already breaking on some male
sense the one on the front lines go BKB
he knows he can just be that attractive
who wants to come in from eg the manly
barrack doesn't really send a chance
another sleep this one several phases
point or go jumping to the back boys
intially jumps back out to help his
teammates the BKB or Go Go is a good
distraction but eg what can they really
get out of it Oh : down on top of the
ramp tempers fall but here comes Anna
going on top of ITV where's the arm
fitting still flies going down he just
can't take this bought the white and now
the jump in row
t-rex and trolling smell the back line
there's normal BKB there's normal roads
attacking to work with and Artie's even
stolen life does not have the son de
arriba killed it with a frog
this may just be it with Nunavut left
Jonathan doesn't have enough power
perch will not let up in something okay
inside your face I remember doing this
in game 2 the Snyder is slightly
different this time around so objectives
to take and eg still want to try and
fight fly jumping into the multi cuff
Anna once again saves the false promise
is there no cha will sacrifice himself
will even be a sacrifice to mal can't
get the kills from Thompson he says the
tossed up and that's GJ we will have our
briefing of the tih
turn coming to
three a decider between RG and eg what a
great game from OG it looked relatively
grim at one point we were starting to
consider if they were going to falter in
this game but they came online with
their void they joined the team fights
they got a couple of really good ones
think in this game compared to Game one
just night and day with toxin binding
tons of kills in the early game keeping
or GE basically kind of even by doing
that they never really got far ahead
early on in the game but they it's
occurred that they could get to this mid
game stage that they were looking for
with their timing and boy did they hit
hard when they got it yeah they did and
man that's gonna hit hard for Evil
Geniuses
now levelled up they looked very very
happy at the end of Game one a lot about
Nortel even just stops for a moment
looking back if I come on man everybody
together unless you walk out of here I
feel good the biggest difference between
these two teams in this game with drop
there's obviously many differences but
one of the really big things oh gee with
the save no tail has a huge impact in
this game with this Oracle
[Music]
preview of last year just the other way
around you know but going to this sense
is always a joy to watch these two teams
play we're gonna break down the game a
little bit grant I wanted to start with
you because you know you watch the boys
play and they didn't cut it this time
around no they didn't there was an
insanely good draft from og as he said
right if you last pick your five it
better have a huge impact and it did
save after save Thompson middle played
an extraordinary guy ensue mailed it
both middle players were probably some
of the best players that game but
Thompson he ran around made a ton of
space our teasease life was held for
like 15 to 20 minutes he had absolutely
no impact it was a it was a tough game
for him for sure it looked great though
but what do you got what do you got for
us to deny my point introduced us what's
what do you see here that you do you
find worth pointing at Thompson's kDa
ratio a 13 for 15 this man participated
nearly in every single engagement that
last toss into the chromaspheres03 480p
know they get placed at some point in
time you move on with your life blah
blah blah but Thompson always takes
advantage of these situations he sees
our TZ farming the jungle he wants to
make sure that this is never a
comfortable situation for him kills him
easy that ward you everybody gets one
can you get two with the same ward
let me tell you something you can as we
see here it is yet again the same Ward
and RTZ is yet again farming the same
area this camp this camp it's all the
same to Thompson he just want skills
he's gonna toss in Gerak's
you'd think he'd have a nagging him
scepter no it's only ten minutes into
the game that was just a tiny toss so
much vision control here and Thompson
just continues dominating the entire map
you see here Mirana
has nowhere left to go she can't go
north she can't go east get the tops
into the face
and he's still not done he's flying
cruising around the middle and it just
gonna keep on prowl I don't even know
what you would call that walk cycle from
Thompson perfect Fisher blog from chair
axe flies cornered like a rat down he
goes I know a lot of people talk about
farming patterns you know this yeah this
is more like kill patterns systematic
systematic slaughter yeah just I mean as
he said I the first time arteezy does
that ward you're like all right the fact
that no one went out and D warded it
like you had to know there's a ward
there just a little bit of a mess play
two deaths on a TV from one ward is very
impactful mr. Robicheau
yeah that was crazy actually and we
talked about will if a.g could recover
reset relax and go back into this second
game clean it felt like they came back
with a planet looked not completely
clean but definitely luckier than a 104
sure I I don't know if AG games are ever
really that clean they're a little bit
cloudy because they're willing to fight
you on any terms like as soon as they
hit their item timings
I feel like this team is like it's go
time we're just gonna engage non-stop so
sometimes it's gonna look a little bit
awkward like we saw but when it goes
well it goes really well yeah and I
think it goes back to like the team
fight right one side had a void in an
earth shaker the other side like what's
your biggest team but you have a TBI
Marana and ogre you don't have these
end-all-be-all spells so eventually if
they hit those spells
you're gonna lose because you got you're
all single target yep you are indeed now
we have a little bit of time before we
get this third game going which means I
get finally get to ask blitz the
question what was the story okay wait
what's right so he's been saying that he
had a story and we didn't have so long
we didn't have time to say go pedal
enough finally you know this is this is
a high building for me what is this
story alright so right yes i'll
birmingham this year last year last year
last year and i heard rumblings that
they were gonna get i didn't know about
fly but i heard about s4 that was like
the first thing that had happened so of
course OG did pretty terrible at the
tournament and I went up to Seb at the
end of the tournament and I was like
like I thought he knew about the kick
that's what this was about I thought he
knew about the kick yeah so I go up to
him and I was just like rough times man
and he's like it's only ESL like it's
all good man I was like what are you
talking about and he's just like it's
UCS else not that big of a deal and I
was like shit like I got a backpedal
onto this and he saw my face and he was
trying to figure it out
uh-huh and then he just left it alone
and later on he told me that's how he
knew oh stuff went down the way that it
went down no I wasn't trying to be I
thought I was I was like I was trying to
because I like sev he was talent too we
briefly for like three days made a team
together
it was like he was like hey I was like
I'll try to console him I was like it's
all good don't we just like why wait is
that the is that the only TI player
you've played with I didn't play here's
how it went down it was like you didn't
remember a TI he was just like hey we
should play together and I was like okay
and then I played like two days and I
was like I'm not good yeah I played with
sin too for a bit and I was like yeah
well I was like this is a bad idea I
shouldn't do this
and bsj in fact I played with like
everybody I played with two of the
people on that panel at some point I
play with purge and you know Febby ditch
me famously in Korea you guys were
pretty successful right for three months
yeah yeah we what about those other
nines you bring that you want to talk
about those you're telling that was like
fourth this is your an exon League
champion purge I got the trophy okay
like I don't care you're gonna have it
you still have it I'm gonna throw that
away
we're gonna go to those in 20 years you
want to know what we did with our money
the first thing we did when we won that
we went to a Taco Bell in Korea oh
that's what I wanted you know that when
I would so Montecristo is there yeah
money Krista was there too we saw the we
saw the EEG right be super American when
I first got here you know what we did
first thing I know we had to do blitz
was with me we hit up the Chili's in cha
and it was amazing we actually stirred
up with you in Chile that was the first
restaurant I've been doing Shanghai you
know that like that's the actual first
restaurant I've been to in shake
impressed and disappointed at the same
time and I did not know that that was
pasta and press appointed impress
appointed I'm sure someone that isn't
press appointed an awful lot is someone
else on a broadcast team and his
traction slacks what are you doing
what am i doing shit shaver I'm in the
crowd it's still electric out here you
know a little late but Shanghai never
goes to sleep when there's good
doughnuts speaking of which sir how you
doing to this evening I come from Co G
and uh you came to see oh gee what do
you think pretty good comeback yeah in
fact I'm the LG defense you're now GD
fan but this series erm I want to see
LGD revenger yeah
so I I will subside for og to today I
think we all want to see that sir who
are you supporting act today LGD gaming
what okay what do you want to see eg win
because and the fans over at home like
60 years who isn't a fan of our tour now
I asked you to in particular come up
because you had two people that didn't
want to be on camera but why didn't you
want to be on camera mutter hello this
matter didn't want to be on camera
why didn't do you what not want to be on
camera sir you're fine what do you think
of a series sir oh sorry can you at
least give us a let's go somebody who's
your favorite team GP alright give me a
let's go LGD so you look badass that's
good you did your best
alright guys we still got energy I was
so awake in this arena living here a
little bit Wow one guy
Oh girls were there she care about the
guys let me still got energy on that
panel oh we definitely do looking
forward of seeing the guy that was
videotaping the whole thing and seeing
his perspective that's good I love it
like yeah I'm rooting for og I mean LGD
I mean ology I mean they're good yeah
why don't you want to be our chair put
you in a headlock okay well we have we
have a little bit of time and I'm gonna
make you guys few old you ready okay
yeah it was really all right we've been
talking about smell and how you want his
first TI mm-hmm this is his fifth ti
what that can't be true it is true why
would that make grand feel hold he's 19
yeah I don't look at day over 16 I'm
feeling great I don't know he's making
him feel good no it's crazy I remember
the first time I actually met sumail it
was a d2l the only term and I've ever
well B went to in Vegas yeah and he was
so young that's the famous picture with
all the Chinese players behind him
watching oh yeah he looked so young and
I remember that tournament it was not a
very good tournament and sumail he
didn't look good like honestly he was
Jake demographers yeah he was and it
didn't help that there was 40% packet
loss during the whole tournament but
like this guy he got last place he lost
to a team with demon standing in on it
so I was like this guy can't be the
future and then you know queue forward
six months he's winning a TI and what do
you know
didn't Iggy produce that tournament
there were some affiliation
strong affiliation Conrad was like the
guy who ran production well it was just
a trial tournament to get some meal
comfortable with playing and it worked
because after that they they went to DAC
2015 they went to China they went to
Shanghai and they crushed it they went
on a storm I was like that was a G's
best story I see what you did there I
get it I get it yeah
what a journey that has been it's been
it's been actually crazy that Agios
always has been
I'm very high at the top and a lot of
internationals and right now I mean even
if they don't win the next game they're
still top six right yes you're still
really good and I'm assuming that
they're I don't think either teams okay
with that all right if you ask Oh G or
eg are you okay with the top six they're
gonna be like now it's a win or nothing
it's a winner we don't give a shit kind
of thing whoa oh you tell me you know
we're about to see these players take
this stage for the third time in this
series do they look like they will be
okay they both look confident right like
neither teams coming up kind of sad you
see sumail leading the way smiling no
tail on the other side doing the exact
same thing we're just ready for some
good dota we really really are now we
know that you know the the the best
thing to deal with og is Bala dial in
the Mac we've seen og do that or sorry
eg do that both times around I'm
assuming it's gonna be happening again I
am curious to find out what Mae's these
two teams even if they don't have the IO
and the mag what makes you two steams be
such a good match for each other because
they do tend to push each other to the
limits I think it's they they have like
a similar way of playing and I don't
mean like in terms like early late-game
I think it it comes on like the the item
timings it's when RTZ and Anna say like
we're both ready to fight at this point
so and they're willing to push each
other at different points like and also
they're really highly skilled too so it
just sort of leads like a nice chess
match where one team wants the game to
go and end at one one point and
conversely it's true - like if you see
how they play void for example and like
how he rotates he wants to hit his item
timing first he wants like one kill item
same with Thompson and that's like
generally how they move around and eg
sort of similar they're just a little
bit slower pace yeah
in that way I think it's always rtz
wants that second item yeah cuz he went
like first item BKB right he went like
Yasha BKB this game I believe yeah and I
think it's because he realized the key
probably had a fight a little bit
earlier than he would have liked yeah I
like how they just push each other and
press like the rivalry aspect of it I
think always just makes the game a
little bit more hype yeah it does
they're never just gonna go down like
sure game one was stomp but that's
exactly why it comes back to Game two
it's never gonna be a straight up 2-0
stop no matter what people think no
matter who's the best team in the world
like they're always gonna push each
other and you know you know we like a
good story and we like it when there's
you know a little bit spice in there too
and often the players like you know what
I don't care who I play I just want to
win this time we know they care they all
change their their profile pictures on
scenes again place the banners to no
tails face when the handshake happened
which by the way there will be a
handshake who we don't know which one
yet but there will be a handshake after
the next game I mean they I personally
love the drama I mean to be fair that
was some of the times you said that even
other players want to do it for the
memes they play it up because they they
find it humorous as well yeah almost the
shipping culture that happens whenever
these rivalries are formed yeah but Tim
oh man said that if for whatever reason
like his dream was to play against
liquid in the lower bracket and if he
knocked him out he was gonna do like a
fake angry handshake when he walked past
he was expecting to be knocked out yeah
I think I mean obviously sugar this let
me just say the expectations were they
were you know they were as is I mean
that being said I I do hope that people
can like separate the the entertainment
aspect versus the actual drama aspect
because you know obviously we like
talking about this kind of stuff I don't
know what flies thing yeah I don't know
what no-till is thinking these people
are real people with real families real
lives and that kind of stuff and so I
think it's important that viewers and us
can kind of separate the concept of you
know what happens here whenever the
cameras go off on that the gee-gees are
called these people continue leading
their lives
don't necessarily like push your drama I
can assure you after all that happen
though it was it was real be yeah
there's no fake drama but it's been a
year yeah it has been but how do you
feel about that you know you just saw OG
the team was pretty much is making fun
you the whole year you know go and win
that ti like a year later you're here
again I feel like the same feelings
they're definitely coming back up again
yeah I feel like that is true for a lot
of people the point you made so now I
mean it's true like for example if you
look at Kara one puppy you know they are
the eiffel's and exactly like to play
that up but in reality you know they are
respecting of each other and they're
both happy at the place they're at now
as we saw in an interview earlier today
didn't curl same interview are we free
that was a joke I was at the wedding I'm
still alive okay so it was good oh thank
you for confirming you know nervous it's
all good no I think that this is some
drama that I call it drama some friction
that is definitely need resolution yeah
not the player this is true you know we
know we need some some dota 2 to be
played we need a game theory for that we
need a drive we need some heroes chosen
so let's go to that draft game free
[Music]
weights gonna go though what do you guys
think
doctor sure but it's looking like in
chanters there's a pretty hot one that's
gonna be contestant it might be deciding
quite a bit here in this matchup as we
saw lanes we're really important in that
last game of course also the big team
fights but does feel like enchantress
seems to just like set you up to have
that like great advantage going out of
coming out of the laning phase
enchantress it is enchantress but I just
I just realize like the mid mid lane is
so important I think both games whoever
won mid just had a cattle game on their
bags like Thompson or super hyper
aggressive mid player who you know if
the advantage is given or as I say that
picking changes again so almost exactly
the same fans the only difference is
elder Titan was in the first phase
instead of ancient apparition similar to
the first named draft is that a pick
order is flipped as well mm-hmm so as I
was saying I think like this Thompson
this sooner these two players just love
to kill heroes and if they're given the
advantage they're just gonna go for
blood so I think the mid master is
really important between these two teams
yeah I want to see in particular at
least for og I want to see them playing
something just run around and make kills
happen without The Monkey King or the
tiny eg they're gonna deny that they're
gonna take the tiny away this time
around I feel like one of the strengths
that Thompson has is the players his
ability to just like go insane he makes
your opponents look like pub opponents
is what it seems like um and he was able
to do that last game he got three kills
like tsunami showed within a matter of
one minute it was insane to watch can't
he do that again without timing like
what's the hero substitute that would
solve that I twice how does he do it
Monkey King is definitely one of those
heroes that he does it with but can you
beat a tiny enlightenment Bucky King I
guess he has no armor a level one it
could work they used to I used to see
the matchup actually a lot last year and
it was like pretty back and forth I
think the Monkey King won most of those
though okay but it's also the mid game
is like concerning too because you can
also just get burst down and there's a
roaming marala and there's animal ala
tossed into an arrow it can be very
devastating yeah is this gonna be tops
invoker get this price flex pick right I
think it in so BGR X is zero for sure
I think you leave it open until you see
what Lane you're against for sure in the
mid lane and I think when you have the
Enchantress it allows you the luxury
about you being able to go for a little
bit more of a greedy for position
because generous just isn't generous has
a pretty good lane so you can put a
weaker hero with her and then it'll
transition in the late game well in the
laning stage won't be terrible right
yeah and like enchantress like I talked
about game to eat some AoE teamfight
control and he will provide that yep
yeah can be opposition 14ab and they st
finally wasn't being fanned out in the
last two games but this time i guess
because they do have that Marana and
they're not maybe wanting to have a save
this time around cuz last time right
they saved that Oracle for last pick to
save versus the combo yeah that's right
faceless void was integral for OG in the
late game in the mid game yeah uh he ate
a lot of arrows may be a good thing but
yeah I'm not gonna have that this game
supposed to be a lot harder for OG to
set up guaranteed teamfight once later
on yeah boy and invoker is such a
devastating combo together at all
we chrono and Cataclysm the League games
pretty devastating so I think they're
just taking it that out I love seeing
you know ti so great cuz you always like
do the full circle back to like either
super carries getting picked up like
anti mage or it's just like these
massive teamfight lineups that just
constantly are battling like you were
mentioning in the last game where we had
fifty something kills in the 40 minute
mark or even more than that something
like that it's just non-stop aggression
non-stop fighting non-stop trying to
take these battles and usually the team
with the better team fight at the ti
main stage ends up having an easier time
at least and executing it just really
helps if you have a hero that can grasp
win like you know where they are you see
them you can jump in hard disable them
guarantee kills that makes a huge
difference really hope the against the
terrorblade especially once you Chronos
for him you're like okay if you don't
have a safe you're dead period it makes
the game a lot easier especially for
these used to I think
eg og compared to like these Chinese
seems they really love to fight early
and just like spill a lot of blood
well we'll see if they could do the same
thing sent or banned now mobile hero
burst damage has pretty good time
getting his team on top of the enemy
team so maybe they're worried about the
carry for softlight matchup what do you
guys think it can be a setup for the
marala arrow later on and it's you're
stanking or centaur and EG doesn't have
ET this time around so the entire band
does make a little sense
so you think syncing is not as bad now
because the ET is not there yeah it's
definitely worse first thanking me
Ronaldo to combo yes the damage is
therapod it's to like one dimension or
no damage like it's bad against bkb's
it's gonna fall off eventually cause the
damage is linear it doesn't scale we're
hangover the CM that they used in the
first game I think this is also just
dictum that they want to play really
aggressive but they did with the CM last
time it allows everyone to just be
constantly on the map more you always
have that aura you can always keep
pushing on lanes you can always keep
playing aggressive and you can even have
threatened an aggro trilane as we saw
them do with that CM in the first series
in the first game it's a good form of
damage from position 5 towards the
enchantress - yeah that's a good point
of freezing field our ultimate was
really useful in a lot of cases against
the PA as well
so let's seal it looks at a pretty
decent hero for OG here yeah I believe I
got Ben's second phase in the first game
in his similar situation feels good vs
all these just like high magic damage
tiny is show you up high armor but very
high HP hero that life sitter really
enjoys playing verse yeah the only time
it's good versus timer for tiny just
when he gets his Ikes and you can do
like range heavy physical damage maybe a
carry that could be a carry that og
could be looking at here but I don't
know if they'll thicken in the third
they might save it I mean technically
they could have zero supports on the
board right now a little bit abnormal Oh
true anything else really good over is
still the pool Tohono looks okay fools
yes sir
what's your gel or not okay yeah similar
it's the life still here oh okay no with
this Ruby pick it seems like it's on in
Hooper mid right yeah that's what you
think this is actually cool we saw now
what the LGD series they I've been
seeing a lot of teams actually picking
the rubic versus the Marana now just cuz
you're likely to get a pretty damn good
steal like everything is good leap is
probably like your worst one and it's
it's a triple away to either get in or
get out as it Rubik which isn't bad to
have arrows a great spell because you're
gonna get the extra duration star storm
as well you get the amplification I've
really actually been liking that Rubick
pick a lot that I've been seeing from
teams today versus that moron in
particular
yeah it's against CM too which is
another it feels really great they are
weak against the end all our Spurs are
pretty nice and you kind of can t
against mu because Rubik or t Rubik emot
is so much stronger than your og yeah
and even if he's done somebody else you
can still possibly throw them into her
yeah interrupts her ultimate so i don't
know it was a it was a really good Rubik
pick but I'm kind of afraid for this in
booper scheme like we saw in the game
one tour I felt like eg marala can roam
to mid beam wire like Ruby cannot kind
of room to me to kill the tiny and tiny
versus invoker matchup in general tiny
seems to have the operation and we don't
even know if it's aw I guess it's a tiny
mid like it should be all grown up for
tiny mini yeah that's what we I mean
that's probably more than likely yeah
you know sumail loves to play tiny as
well as we we saw last year of course we
have a thirtysomething kills or whatever
when he branded the whole game it's like
literally this match and this part of
the bracket a year ago it's the same
the all-time kill record for a single
game got 30 kills it was an insane match
and then sumail still lost the match
that was versus og - right that was the
one that was the damage mitigation draft
where they expect her IO centaur and I
remember he's just running around and he
tossed our TZ into the tier 4s of course
that happened to that game hey man you
got 30 kills I do not care
you cannot say that one was two males
for messes up once let's ask vsj about
that you know claims to male entirely
for that game really this pics kind of
throwing me off buzz GG crit crit on
dark willow is one of his favorite
heroes he's amazing at that at that here
or - yeah wait a minute what about a
three Mehran I mean really brought a
could hypothetically Lane in any
situation that's true I guess the yeah
they could still do that three Morana
and then having this but three Marana
little willow that seems to squishes so
i think it's a bit muralha and tiny off
me
okay that makes more sense that makes
more sense yeah is it that squishy
versus ribbit I mean will looking get to
you get cursed crown toss out of the guy
that's an arrow for sure
Plus bramble mace follow-up maybe kill
potential and crits dark willows
excellent yeah
and dark will has tons of magic damage
and so she's going to be able to kill
the Enchantress you're gonna rush the
spirit vessel it kind of fits a lot of
boxes the only thing that's weird about
it is it's gonna force mirana into a
weird role potentially not a
non-standard for the current meta and
you're gonna go for that jug now
especially versus the whale oh yeah it's
so good versus that hero nice to do was
on option 2 I think I think what we
struck better
I think woody there the healing words
they can just keep on though there's two
years though in nature's enchantress is
here and Joe not healing healing work so
they can just be keep being on the map
so I think the jog is better versus the
willow overall because you can actually
do something when she's inside of her
realm you can actually spin and do some
damage as well that's it small but it's
it's something
all right last phase advance er Oracle
band out once again they're anticipating
the save hero any other save heroes do
they need a Savior Oh with the jug carry
we kind of protect himself there's no
BKB piercing disables on eg at all right
now so that spin is gonna be really
useful for himself to protect them
now one thing easy is actually really
missing this game unlike what the head
last game was they don't have a setups
done other than tiny so it's gonna be
really difficult from Rana to get arrows
unless it's like dark willow basically I
said delayed stun so frostbite I mean
it's not amazing and it doesn't give you
come out like laning phase really but
right yeah it's not an easier
complication yes it's but when bkb's
come out fro cheat then they will have
defensive options against eg sprint car
they go for sinkings that's their that's
their five position enchantress then
right yeah that's the no telling
generous so very weirdly but I always
see no tiara putting it off the
enchantress into tolerantly job usually
chocolate was some disabled from
position five so they have that nice
disable into combo but let's see how
those her first is song yeah he can also
the so here's also the dispels well
versus the willow that can be kind of
nice to actually might or might sorry
other way around yeah just kidding it's
okay we all make it sighs it's a long
it's been a long day your mistake was a
way less egregious in - Oh a lot of I
said what am I saying
well we're all weird oh well what is the
carry hero DITA for eg here I know
that's that's a question you're supposed
to maybe it's lark
I can see start being okay arteezy's
fart-o
is what we said right the anti-mage's
they say CH they trickle back into the
TI meta and he's burst is that
potentially what the core I mean not
potentially but the core invoker so high
mana pool but I don't think it's a
little soon as your whiskey
why do you think they went for it Joe
was pretty good against the enemies yeah
I think they went for it because it's
really great organs sank in the room
like please lane wise it'll be easy lien
wise and game wise lane wise I'm not so
sure like he's you might have a tougher
time but I know like in game it's gonna
be pretty easy but Jonah is pretty good
against the enemies all right guys
that's the final draft here for this
last upper bracket match we've got a
really good game ahead of us let's toss
it over to Toby and send it is game 3
it's the decider but who this time
around we'll take the 2-1 and that
winner's bracket position urging eg
interesting drums once again it was
always interesting when you've been out
of Magna tire but yeah you love a nice
little switch up from og as far as the
lane rolls go
yep they gave away the Enchantress again
and as the panel was talking about this
enchantress wait they pick sand King
because enchantress has got to be
support now and that's why they picked
the antimage this is the worst match I I
love playing sinking so my favorite
offliners I hate playing a stance mage
it is so bad of a Lane matchup and
that's a big part of the reason eg
picked it here is to force that matchup
as well as it being good against the
invoker in the game however og you step
it up a notch they're like ok we need to
solve this you saw them in the booth
they were doing their math yeah and
they've decided that they will put the
sank in position 4 and no tail is
playing 5 Rubik that's how important it
is for them to solve this problem it was
kind of a checkmate situation almost but
they got out of it and now it's just a
matter of can they salvage the lanes can
this work with this support duo it's
very unusual the panel was already
saying like somehow Naruto makes the
support and chanters work as well yep
now making the support Rubick work how
do you try and lane this up them to make
it to make it actually happen we've seen
said to his work t-rex
in my man amazing in Game two on that
yes he the same team team stunner
teamfight role that og really need from
him as well but how do you still ensure
that Naruto has a good game on this five
Rubik well fortunately for him he's
laning with a strong carry in Lane
juggernaut it's a pretty good laner and
there's no matchup in this that he
totally can't deal with so right like
Ruby can jug it on together is spin and
until I could easiest grab its old but
yes it work but the problem with that is
Rubik deals so little damage that's the
problem with that combo in the start
when we're big hits level three and has
two in fate bolt sure but if you compare
it to something like lit juggler or
crystal maple jugger there's just way
more in the way of damage from those two
supports in the lane so it's it's
definitely a weaker version but I
honestly I just love it from og that
they're doing this because I think it's
a very creative and poly ideal solution
to the problem that they have to support
saying he also hates facing animation so
you still need to get the lanes right
and go from there and it looks like eg
might have the right read in this game
they put their tiny top so far and
anybody's down on the bottom lane with
flying yeah if they want the ends mates
to avoid the end so that will mean
answer mates will not play against
thinking so there's a bit of a win for
both teams in that sense but antimage
will also be a bit that was nice from
fly right underneath the juggernaut
crabs their incest three for one at the
very beginning this Agra trial in from
eg is very unorthodox by the way crystal
made dark willow antimage agro trialing
it's like you go for the Nova then they
have to navigate the bramble at slow
speed hey this can't last for long
cannon
well it's kind of reduce for Alana she
stood against this plane but no tell
could have a very hard time and the
question is how much farm he's going to
get all that's a really good damage in
town already actually they're playing
without a healing cell meanwhile bottom
line yeah I don't mean they go ham some
males taking a lot of damage as force
having a hard time walking away from G
Rex on the top might observe war dungeon
like on the other side the trees so they
were able to see us for any support that
comes his way i faintly love salt supply
they got three free hits in an honor
just burning off the mana as fast as
possible so anna has to dig into the
mango to spend later and then that's a
that's a great grab some serious damage
he gonna spit he refused to skill spin
because he feels like he needs healing
or to sustain and he's still a chief
he's backed out he still hasn't put in
his skill point and has to fought any
extra region there's no Sal still coming
in no-till had the gold for it honestly
surprised that they didn't drop some
region and and bring that with honesty P
and now look that he had the advantage
but in flying to the top lane 8 foot
three against one zero that's a try
executed in the start
man the jump came in Thompson and smell
what a surprise killing each other under
the t1 tower they bogus to kill sir
he'll get the XP yeah big winner there's
some eel he got more gold and he got the
experience so he's gonna feel good about
that one cuz that's just the way to
middling gets to work when it's at 1:1
traders sometimes the guy who gets the
kill second is not as unfavorite as
Thompson was net exchange but especially
hilarious how they start again
Thompson's back under the t1 tower
meeting into samayal they both have to
start munching on tankers and dropping
down a halflife bottom lane that's easy
he's going on us again on Anna Anna
still holding the spinners arteezy drops
lower they just want to get some
experience into them well as for and she
ended up buying jeering sometime to
attack you know he's body blocking s4
gonna buy more time for set to get
damaged in but as Paul would just sound
this off
in the meantime bottom lane they're out
of region Oh G completely dry actually
nevermind honor go to tango pack left
but no selves still no region no mana no
tail thanks working with us easy you
brought up the matter and this is easy
harassment for range would you notice
the top lane is going well SAP has great
farm they're shutting down the tiny
nicely as they should be with the head
start they had but the other two lanes
going oh fuck you Gian this time around
our TZ is not getting shut down and the
way they've been playing the series so
far I think you can consider this an
early lead for them that is what they
want an teammates to have a beginning
that he can he can work with is that a
feeling that's a ring a health layout no
it's a great fans and sorrow region for
rtz
so we can keep on the pressure just love
it even the faultless news I think that
was actually so uh the tree Telstra miss
fall wouldn't get the kill on the range
of rape on tall plane they're really
just trying to keep him down as much as
possible and they have easy he said he's
five to zero the lanes looking good but
bottom plate it's easy just gets more
and more time to beat into it and now
another ruling fall from on TV third
tell navigating the brambles he'll get
the space but he will not escape print
and it was trying to sit on top of my
thing to make it a miss click from crit
but a won't walk and I wonder how Ana's
gonna recover this time around we saw in
the void game the lane might have been a
little bit hard but he recovered nicely
this time around he just feels harder
there Lane his Rubik jogger how are they
supposed to kill it in this Lane it's an
anti mage in a willow you can maybe you
could get a lift on the willow and toss
it into a spin but it's not enough
damage and the answer may just just
flat-out on kilovolt look at willow just
leaving art easy even to go into mid
they're trying to get thompson crambles
he was standing almost smack back in the
middle of one of crit he just moves a
little bit further north and dodges nice
moving from talks in there I could have
absolutely gonna kill him and what does
an ER intern tell do instantly alright
well the time to do some damage towards
RTZ hopefully I get one Trinity got one
oh he got tossed on top step to the
tower to D oh no you can't die here
that's real real bad pierogies laning
but it's not a big kill
now jerax it might have to they might
have to yield on the bounty runes to
here's no one chance to sell him out so
okay we'll get three rooms or eg sorry
we'll get three runs it maybe even for
some male let's move it over for it that
was too late for runes and a kill on the
edge
several is out of position it got tossed
I like our fly is not even grabbing it
he's waiting it out maybe he's even got
some bottle charge as if he wants to
help out gee rocks waiting on the top
lane as far as nearby no turn for the
frost quick banker and a thing they've
got your eyes he's in bits for the
moment the tree toss a little bit on
target Purex
able to dodge but this is some time
that's been wasted by it's a male
looking for this kill he'll take the
catapult up on top the top is in
recovery mode admit while this rotation
doesn't then a kill
are you gonna swap their lanes so tiny
go Smith now or what's the plan here
empty like this is a bit odd I think
they're trying to wait until s4 returns
slaying it now the TV happens now at
least half a level behind Thompson
though Anna is getting forever routed by
crate on bottom line this one tango left
you'll have to consume the mango you
know what to have it numbs get the
healing blood down but now is he meant
to be farming on BS and fall instantly
taken care of by crit
there's no sustain at all it's almost
like there's no hard for rendered down
here and Fred gets that extra mana
coming in constantly from the maiden or
he might be dying here though if note so
it gets the lift
jerax is in range not anymore now he's
gonna wrap around
like which ones real I need to choose a
prefer to get the kill her are not easy
but it seems impossible unless they have
full control pick up throw down
come on are the spell shields leveled up
and form an ant easy just trades places
with t-rex and then into bramble on TV
judge Bowen task force arrived with the
Avalanche trick level 2 in shadow Rome
has more than enough damage a pump and a
once more his second death of the game
that's gonna be a ring of Hell for it's
easy now as well coming in a sec going
to be furthering his lead in this Lane I
almost feel like seth is taunting to try
and get EG to come back to it is
absolutely muted so in summation of the
Ring of Health will be that bad partner
to the rats now for the rubic he's going
to continue his farming down here in the
bottom Lane really big difference hopes
is just had to last like three minutes
by himself admit lane that's the biggest
difference between the this game and the
other invoker game is that Thompson is
having a much better time this time
round and we know what kind of temple he
can set for his team this kind of games
but does he have targets it's hard to
kill willow as invoker it's hard to kill
the answer mages invoker it's hard to
kill Marana as invoker and even the tiny
targets it's easy to kill Maiden
it's almost like you need to pick up an
orchid in order to kill some of these
guys camellia County you back he needs
someone to combine with but the best the
best player for him to combine with is a
saint convinced a lot of might wanna
play now MP didn't see a check out so
make sure there's no blink away and on
TZ fell chills weren't helped you that
poor man gank the lifts and instantly
back in the mid lane he'll miss one
melee creep so efficient from Thompson's
rotations but each is trying one of
their own under entire observer said
you've been tolling for a while you've
been asking eg to kill you and uh well
you may get exactly what you wish for
yes the one level up in attendance stick
charges but he's got the cursed crown on
him he can't walk this off the teepees
coming in from Rubik Motel we'll look to
create the space and said well he can
walk it off
even with his treatise from s4 I don't
think he's got enough damage and even no
tell deborde's the office
Thompson being super annoying MIT RTC
does of the maid nor are those so we'll
get mana for bling a bit sooner
has the stick charges if he really needs
to blink sepsis moving garment say okay
well curse from me toxins ready to fight
Thompson in fact please said stop me sir
s4l de Bergerac he gets a double son of
a third they get the Televisa grabber
over on s4 but Urich he's focusing over
on fringe uses that call snap for the
control has more now comes up as well up
the hill realize it's OG earned this
part of the map with the impetus he
actually get the damage he'll die for
the ball t-rex mother perfect layer but
it'll still work nonetheless amount been
burned out of matter he's ball charging
up from seven needs to give the intended
herbivores tops now they can turn their
attack over fly he's arrived as well
looking for that damage if they got
notes Amell has to leave distance to get
away to safety and crit he wants to turn
around Thompson I guess that cursed
route it's gonna get the stun the cost
it will not be enough life in sustain to
keep Thompson alive and somehow will
quite happily take that kill man there's
so much happening on the map right now
and guess who the biggest winner is as
it always is with og was bottom the
whole time so much space being made for
him he's caught up he's actually
overtaking our TZ now after that very
difficult laning station in the
beginning the one kill they got fought
him and then this move mid just created
a lot of time for him ten minute ruins
here we go again if you thought it was
gonna sim it down your axe will take the
bounty to begin with and looking up the
walk straight to your actual could
actually come through it's a level 3
bara so he's not in range the Shadowrun
being used to protect crypts at the
moment he'll slap an extra attack into
downtown for sure
meanwhile top to the Lord in mid lane
yeah it feels like the old classic is
you said like Anika's base but then when
you go down the deal without a you deal
with another line then Thompson gets
face like which poison do you want to
die to here
the only other choice is to kill them
all
EMP tornado from Thompson in mid crit
he's ready to move around and work here
with flight sim l will take the dummy's
got the one shot for the cars crowded
burgers are walking out of here you know
go in this but avoid help in the
meantime go arteezy is not getting
single creep OG are putting their own
pressure on top where it's easiest plank
with the seats creep CP Aussies he jumps
in untouchable that takes a long time to
get one attack into seven and move into
the trees the attendants just get they
gonna wear off right now but on TVs
blinked himself forward sir
Sam is quite happy to do max damage that
an teammates quicker scroungy racks
he's got far strike available weights
down nicely get the thumb through the
chatter Roman and dodge is the Arabs to
bail a little light and now that leaves
crit straight it's a little to no damage
he can do to get any kind of rebuttal in
the rest of his team is left and
pathetic
I think the arrow wasn't ready or Samil
would have definitely got that on the
ground probably had a minor pull down
from the muse it
later our it go thrown at the end yeah
yeah that was that was a guaranteed
stunted music earlier so maybe it was
uncool down there
as fall will be pressuring bottom
although this is happening yes and what
is set to steps gonna defend it for now
it just walks in that's fine boy these
creams gonna do that don't they'll swing
their arms up in the air
well Detroit what it's a lovely
sentiment hey my girl hey I got you with
the Ghostbusters man I got you with a
ghost but all I'm thinking about though
yeah does anyone even know what that
song is or are we just are we just
proving our age really harps are speedy
but no weapon answer is amiss for I want
to try on oughta hear this kill is
definitely flat-out impossible for these
two heroes he can spin seed yo
Trump with the Avalanche never repeated
because I have a team I'm the only one
she reacted me of mine he made the virus
retrieves his base or he's just like
okay Hannah I'm sorry Ben
you can only sauce if you want to but
okay I didn't click him to check
identity fee before that but eg very
clearly did and they ran him down that
is a huge kill he was the richest here
on the map once or twice in every game
on us just being left alone and will get
killed once in a while
I remember the analyst bounce I'm
talking about like the way edgy play is
like hey we're up on the top lane and it
was always said who was gonna the one
who was out to bars like hey come and
kill me how many heroes did it take from
you Jeep to kill off the juggernaut yeah
he's worth a lot but then he get heavy
damage into the t1 towers seven who was
the number one they're giving more back
into him and he's go trying to return it
in where the drums build early on and
just add that level of pressure and
meanwhile tops and also farming up
straight industry reversal know how to
bind us on this invoker and there's
another big item coming up soon this is
one is for he G though it's gonna be the
dagger for s4 and a hundred gold some
really good targets for him in this game
a lot of the radiant heroes don't have
too much max he'll through the rubix
afford dice very easily
the invoker dies really easily The
Enchantress also dies easily if there's
a little bit of follow up speaking of a
chance to actually again but most of all
coming in after the cover of smoke to
both sides parties he was being hunted
but that's his game sense is tingling he
just moves away and goes down to the
Trinity camera talking about I'm being
conveyed to my own jungle the observers
and sentries now being deep water power
water plane said okay bye
hey Rosie M Channel full duration they
threw everything in the kitchen enemies
not just the sink that time I'll get a
lot of it back smells found a
regeneration rate and bottom river so
male not scaling home like she had oh by
the way what is this waiting for the 200
health instead it can be really useful
for for his team like it can be the
difference-maker but whether am survives
a gank or not is that worth one point in
arrow
okay that's gonna wondering too like how
you would build it we were we're kind of
tossing up like whether you get a lot of
your physical damage from like how do
you make sure you like obviously there's
no physical feel coming in this time
around there's 200 health but not going
to 15 damage he's going into academic
septum huge laying clearance and
something that Archie may not have an
easy answer to like both calls it going
for battle Furies but and mage as well
as piranhas they clean waves up so
quickly in this so highly maneuverable
mid tower TP comes in the quick spin
from Adam the fear will be there and
that's gonna force the Enchantress to
run away and is in pretty deep she let's
don't be such a bobble in the heavy
amount of damage thanks the demon ed edd
crit well he'll stand that and he'll
tank the entire Omni slash the rest of
eg back up behind the tier 2 it was a
good idea from s4 but he missed the toss
on the jugger he tossed a creep instead
that got in the way said you're coming
in deep man like they're under a shrine
he's got a lot more avalanche tops off
into the arrow and Thompson's trying to
help out with the call stop pushing
smell away
enchantress now I'm gonna get this price
off 30 tell still there the mattify not
be easy
let's eat he's not gonna be happy with
them on the are from Sibel well on
target of your burger cause that's
coming up cool down right now the coast
rod ball everyone stand together against
done maybe there's some damage from the
bedlam but the de Barras records your
act is picking a print and this game is
escalated quickly meanwhile Anna up in
Norway Bobby the top lane it feels like
I don't know how Enchantress manages to
do this in her games to just tempt
everyone to try for these hard kills if
it's just a tilt effect like you get
annoyed you're like just kill the
Enchantress button let's just get him
let's just go
it's it's really close to eg here that
they try to go for these enchantra
skills they've I mean they've got two on
her but how many have they failed and
how much time is that cost them it's
custom a lot juggernaut has finished at
battlefury before the anti-mage wave
arteezy's not even close he's 2,000 gold
away from it right now the car often
golden experience gets to swing up eg
has obliged oh gee with a lot of fights
but they need to be able to settle this
game down they need the items they need
the split-push they need the battlefury
they need a lot of things but what is RG
doing not giving them the room to
breathe already attacking into the tea
to town on bottom Lane the tempo is so
high now from og now they can kind of do
whatever they want
st. King will get a dagger very soon yep
they're gonna drive or no tell stand up
continuously but they'll still get the
grime pulling back down again for a
strike to fumble because your s4 does
not get up the hill
cross fight from flying car create
enough space and there is no other
support coming in from EEG I said I was
coming from oh gee and now it's a 17
minute blink dagger for a support SK for
wondering how you can make these two
very not financially viable supports
where's over hard five but this works
when GX as a blink dagger as fast as the
normal off winner to get them smell gets
the TV very onset about fighting against
ye receive them with that DD and you was
thinking about it didn't want to go home
good observer some centuries from eg G
rack so he'll cop that our still in the
century it's about me saying that killed
nice and quick and then s4 he'll jump in
as well they're going up the support to
nip dollars a mile with a double kill
turn your attention okay one step will
take a long time to attack into him the
EMP button poles are there from Thompson
making life a little bit more difficult
for the doc Willard said he wants to
battle they have century but the century
somebody get rid of that flies moving
forward you can definitely see them best
that trees
oh that's a good combo really good jump
in the prandtl he'll catch on Anna he's
got ami / he could turn around right now
there's only one 3% they're doing all
the spin damage into his father he have
to burn the ultimate Ravana Phil Tandy
I think it's four or sorry not as far I
think some male couldn't arrow because
seven just kept running in front of him
so they couldn't calm that to get
another kill the observed was less than
saying fly he knew he had to dodge moved
out to the side and then just his easy
pickings I'd love to see a replay of
that because that was so beautifully
executed from Ichi how they did the
avalanche toss into the terrorize on the
on the jugger all they needed was to
connect an arrow but I think septa
strand in front of the of the sumela
Rama and he couldn't land it that's got
to be what happened and that's huge for
the alcohol outcome of that instead of
losing their biggest core they get two
kills
I'm sure our T's Kang some space but man
this is by his standard super late
battle fury and he had a good start -
Chris set EMP tornado catching him up on
the tone machete Rome will add some
protection he's got no man to work with
forget the damage in - Darnell hung
around a little longer Aaron and flies
for a nice long five seconds Dunham
Harbor on the Rubicon now guard Adam fly
they tell Thompson eg they needed
something and that's something
Sam okay I'll do this over maybe I'll
work matt is near buying not easy though
Travis fell up and running and it's not
gonna take that risk of it Omni slash
maybe now it's time to pick up those
boundaries for from on the field the P
net for 30 seconds an unusual occurrence
for 20 minute Bonnie routes yeah but
it's just so much fighting with 26 kills
20 minutes into the game smell with the
scouting arrow if jarek's knew he would
have taken the other one I think he's in
my as well he gets one that's I think
three for one trade I'm bouncer in some
total once Anna gives a shit together
and takes this one wants to push the way
first that's fine now he's gonna take it
on the way back but Kemp jaracz is
really just trying to stay on RTZ like a
tic tac doing this to just annoy us it's
income it's coming in value maybe one
goal but its value
he felt like nobody from eg was gonna
come and try to take them because it was
not set up as a bait there was nobody
there that would have killed on the road
yeah like Retief up ups up attack speed
increase 500 damage by 10 and Roshan
difficult to kill off once again this
enchantress you've been running Shawn
thinks he's untouchable but what is eg
do they scan Roshan they know what's
going on but how fast can you move over
you'll gathering for a smoke but Raja is
practically dead one point for K 1 K and
da bagon said going for her one nothing
TP over does nothing they stay with the
lanes
and Jared sassette up bottom they want
to connect over and try to kill our it's
easy probably never mind just gonna push
out the wave discount a spelling just in
case
Oh G can move up through minute it has
been the name of their game throughout
this tournament 20 minutes 22 minutes
hits let's go hi Graham boys out of the
front line up alacrity give up
able to get quick entangle but paint
spindles are great Madame Simone's
getting some level of damage they have
so much sustain that The Enchantress
yield they have healing Ward they're
gonna go in with the next wave he has
the spendin Allegra T they're just gonna
slowly shift this down and our T's in
the meantime has to try to get as much
as possible if they don't want to take
this fight because realistically OG are
not favored in this here we go again
spin attack for to fight has to be used
that's easy is he said like he's
refusing to join this fight eg just have
to hold the high ground they might have
to lose the racks to actually before
they can find it I think are teasing
without Manta in this game is it's not
going to be particularly useful thompson
taunting 460 murray speed and side to
that Ghost Walk now aim for a target
actually just decide to smoke like that
no you're acting off this became pretty
obvious to our TZ that something is up
but he doesn't this is the thing about
bostwick's invoker compared to exhort
hookers and hookers playing this build
are generally really high on mana so
you will be looking for okay maybe our
Caesar can come in toward the end of the
fight get a big mata boy that gets kills
but if you hit this EMP on a couple of
heroes you're super high on Lana the
whole time and even that won't be an
option for him
he's coming out moonlight shudder and
smug being committed they want to wrap
around the pack they want to do
something about your axe probably needed
a ward up on this hillside to make it
happen
CMS got one per century and observer
lion drops the Sentry to begin with
observer straight after the one that's
been happening there was no defenceman
tier 3 Tower is done with even a couple
of creeps to help the push skirt spins
now he's going to take the melee rax you
said EG may have to pay the price that
talks but they find one indeed step onto
the tier 4 towers the arrow looking to
gauges welcome the only size heads for
he's just totally shredded Anna will
find the kilt apply for Medicare Anna
taking through all of this however it
says the stain I thought eg amiss be
Captain America but oh geez they could
do this all day
and the concept there's something to
follow it up for teenage beat the dog
undertale beast on the play preventing
page it jumps did fuck cause you could
do that
find the kilt size chased up over on top
to 5 tickets up at this no one from EG
who can get close to GX come to when the
epicenter takes pretty easy to engage
but they're not they're a dodgy look for
another lane of rats
pushing through print he's got the chip
damage into Thompson where's your jump
on TV is still farming a mid-weight
he will not join any majors don't finish
bombing but as for dead Persephone's
Atkins
he's losing and team mates and what does
our TV wanna turn the ends of the Nancy
veins keep on farming what are you gonna
do keep on pushing down good to me
there's no tiny 450 seconds this is it's
it's over they don't have the damage
they can't kill these heroes I think
jump in hook via target piranha Sam bail
he's leaping the wrong direction but he
had no other choice
he tried to get the active stammer out
and damage out but now he doesn't have a
way free hottie he's trying to grab the
free weights but they're all pushed in
the bottom Plains pushed in which is
allowing this pressure from our G up on
the top as fly man Shira
he doesn't get to reach the goal
defensive guilt upper available there
we'll get some chip damage in the Nortel
but hey he has to fight me gave me his
number on TV the time he picked up
well no cheap one kill first
roads in their town they'll blink away
regeneration is required right now the
culture on the side of Mirchi Seth will
get himself a double kill the turn big
cause if the serve mom Hagen see what'll
get out of a kid's life they claiming
the range racks niggas are up 26 minutes
in eg I'm older on the roads it's a
tired rope third net not Bali setting
the rope foot fire this happened really
fast
I just want to point out how fast this
happened the game was really really even
from first 15 minutes and then we have
this one moment where og get multiple
kills our teaser shows up and dies and
since then it's been oh geez all the way
to get the Rose they go push with
they're invincible jugger with healing
awesome ale up in the air cause nothing
can leap away this is a last chance for
eg ol 5 players up there is no Raxus $94
to really speak oh just the one piranha
jumps in banana still stands his ground
where's the attack
eg gather all the dirt ala flag looking
for an opportunity and Atta he's begging
for it he's gone bad and Sol he's ready
to touch that are into the trees ite
blinks away a maybe tops him he'll be
set up towards the end the cars crown is
there
he'll be out to get the nice chain stuff
here it's all online Monty these goodies
include damage that sends away by the
terrorize not easy to man avoid it's
good but is it good enough just a former
geez they continue to run on TV printed
by the BKB
yes jump back in again trip has for they
even get the tornado Manju aunty the are
trim the tree line
goodbye the lights are going out for
ichi right now but the lien this is the
winner's bracket butter cheese they will
push fallen to the winner's bracket
final repeating the history of TI a to
Wooding ichi in this semi-final to
that's you know what
this game is answer me in a nutshell
right now if you you have a good start
you have a good landing stage this hero
it needs time it needs space art easy
with just these two deaths and the
limited farm that he ended up having
just gets overtaken he gets eclipsed by
this juggernaut super quickly and then
when it comes to defense well guess what
you have an intimation it's kind of
moron 5og run them over they put so much
pressure to take the rose they go for
all the ranks in one streak and they
just they made it look really easy but
there's in this replay for eg this like
one or two moments ago I look back and
be like man if we don't go for the
Enchantress this game is so different
and this this hero is proving to be a
huge problem if won all three games in
the series goes a big big nuisance to
the other team in all three of the games
but you gotta against og you got a
chance
what do you on a bang you gotta do
something Archie then looking absolutely
amazing if with a tire if without Mac
they are a wall claws team looking to
potentially be the first team to get
back-to-back victories will it be
possible they look good they look
amazing doubt as if you thought lost you
was maybe a fluke ergy looking to prove
it right now the cool and was definitely
happy
very happy indeed a year in between two
of the same rosters meeting on the
ground state
[Music]
you
terrorize this spot you may see some
little rocks lingering around
it was just freshly avalanched seems
like a real recipe for success right in
comes enchantress you see harmless
elantris
well she seems harmless until she what's
that there was an arrow there was an
arrow coming in from Morana it should
have just directly directly hit s for
life would have been grand no and said
and chance was tanks it and everyone
just like well screw that I can't do
anything to her sue Mills running around
he has no idea what to do
he's cancelled like five Auto attacks
trying to go through untouchable onna
gets out okay
Samuel is still blue Lee is still trying
he's still trying to auto attack it's
not gonna happen
enchantress please can I can I get some
weight yeah a pretty good here right
talk about it right it's like I
definitely think you have to ban the IO
mag and it's pretty much pick your
poison after that right we've seen
Chen's ban versum enchantress says eg
ban the alch
all three games versus um and you know
what that that game like they know G
just looked dominant I would say going
that Sears they're probably 70/30
favorites and they showed in that last
game yeah after our first game though I
was a little worried but we shouldn't
have been that was dominant performance
on that third game coming out from oh
gee and cornerstone of the og squad is
with Casey right now it's Derek's oh I
love that title shaver calls you the
cornerstone of the og squad it's a no
we're actually on camera now so yeah
what do you think
cornerstone oh no you don't know what
are you talking about let my teammates
talk okay yeah maybe think I said you're
being way too humble
can I get try to get inside your psyche
for a minute because every time I
interview you guys I ask how you're able
to make incredible comebacks time and
time again and you always say we trust
each other and I get that but as someone
who has failed a lot in life if I were
to have a game not go very well and then
I have to turn around and
come back I wouldn't be able to do it I
get in my head how do you not do that I
mean I think our team is very hungry
and they're very passionate I think it
carries us basically all these bigger
tournaments and somehow it just triggers
a TI and I think that kind of sets us to
the whatever we are having right now and
yeah that helps
we've seen returning ti champs before
and they usually come into the
tournament and one of the things they
talk about is the pressure they feel and
it just becomes too much I'm seeing the
opposite from you guys you guys are
coming in and I don't know if it's a
mental game that you're playing or if
it's more of just your way of trying to
stay relaxed but you did a coin flip to
determine who you were going to face
when you first started the the main
event and we saw the flags with no tails
face on them that you put all over the
game and game one which was a pretty
funny move yeah I mean this profile
picture it's just starting to be a meme
now for us I think next game we're gonna
do something different whatever is
feelings so the the goofy one was
because para die called us like don't
get into the goofiness and they will
beat us and then we're just goofy
flagging up on the map well yeah it
seems it seems to work yeah I think tile
didn't like to lane too much when I was
describing the flag even on his land he
was on the same lane like two different
same time it also seems like they like
to mute you so that they don't hear all
that the chat yeah but then you just tip
okay so and then yeah you need to find
the ways to get through the mutes
because I mean it's a bit lame you seem
to like that part of it yeah it's it's
part of it's like a hobby to us yeah are
you already looking ahead yeah I mean I
want to play more I have a big problem I
haven't been able to play enough it's
never enough
yeah no I'm it's sometimes it's enough
but I think this turn I haven't been
able to play it or at all yeah yeah do
what
because you've been waiting yes yeah we
can't pop at the hotel nothing is
working because the ranked matchmaking
so I don't know I just I'm waiting for
the day Wow yes okay
well you guys looked great so we look
forward to seeing more amazing dota in
the days to come thank you
congratulations yeah they did pretty
good today you know what
coming from an expert such as myself I'd
say you did okay yeah expert I was going
to say you could make fun of me for that
if you want and I didn't have to cuz you
just thank you
it's nothing fun comfortable could you
can you save me please I'm feeling very
awkward you played here let me try that
again
mhm jerks you played really well I
really appreciate the amazing dota you
guys are all playing and we look forward
to seeing you further in the tournament
Thanks
I'm not gonna help you don't compliment
us for your mind games are even here in
the interview room in the next match
okay okay Oh mental warfare mental
warfare oh thanks guys Thank You jerax
let jerks out of there he needs out you
know what if you wanted to play more you
should have gone through the lower
bracket cuz that's when you get the
plate tomorrow and now they got away to
full day yep it's gonna be tough you
know he brought up ranked matchmaking
will you you know we'll see what happens
with that but as you said I mean they
haven't played mini three-game series
that was actually the first one they
barely lost games in their group stage
and og LGD I mean a lot of people had
them as favorites coming out of the
group stage guess what there they are
they are indeed and you know when when
the team is playing there's a lot
happening
there's obviously everybody watching in
the audience we just by the way packs
which is crazy for a lot of people that
last public transport might have already
you know went away
yeah you also watch the game as a coach
and I feel like when you watch the game
as a coach or as a family member you're
super invested yeah and this is this is
them watching when you are emotionally
invested in watching crazy things to you
my man sucks he went in he deserved it
that was you know throughout the
entirety of this tournament
I think everyone considered that og was
the superior team
if Yugi won it was because they got some
momentum all of a sudden while they were
making their upper bracket run or maybe
throughout the course of their group
stage they finally found their legs
again but it still came out the way that
most people expected og
moving forward yet again another TI yeah
crazy day of dota 2 not to unexpected
result but I think unexpected in the way
they happened and if you miss how they
happened I got the good news for you
because we got a little recap on what
happened today
hey baby hope is going forward it's the
gets controlled often does have a goal
set for another we play they're trying
to finish mom heels coming out KP can't
provide enough
the near fourth beautiful yeah
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
these secret
a tiny jump away from Missha he's trying
to finish this up dive into left
they either buy back see me feel the get
moon he's gonna be able to get the bash
no time 250 what's up
instead
[Applause]
top of the pack rats get the blink out
off the back down on the side to finish
up paid as well
as peachy gaming they took their jobs as
they tried for the Roshan but they now
start to fall
into play Compton I'm on top thank you
so much damage the pump is there burner
to control the ESP you water can may be
fun to kill but not easy then decrypt
I'm gonna light some bourbon and now the
jump ball
maybe they got moving more cheering
controlling smell the back lines there's
normal BKB
there's normal Road the time to work
with an RTD Solon life does not have the
son de arriba kills him
crazy day indeed will I want to know
like I we all see your face in the clip
from cap splashing his watchable around
I be heard that he normally does have
something in his hand that he just
twirls around this time unfortunately
there was dude okay so normally he does
do that
he fidgets yeah we he likes to play
around with stuff and what ended up
happening was uh I couldn't see when I
turned my head cuz he had it in his
other hand so I actually thought I
looked mad because I thought somebody
threw water at us like I was really
confused for like until I saw the cut I
was like okay cuz I had water all over
my glasses on my screen the way that it
shot out
I actually thought somebody threw water
from behind me like somebody actually
just dishwater obvious I was like the
hell and then I watched it was
three-fight yeah then he told me he
apologized and then I saw that it was
everywhere it actually broke the the
monitor it broke the monitor it halfway
through the second game cap had a cast
off of my screen because his monitor
actually just entirely broke don't pour
water bottles or we can take a look at
the bracket see where we are at we have
said goodbye to two more teams this
morning that means we still go on eight
teams left in the tournament it's coming
halfway there round yeah we are and we
we didn't really see the infamous clip
there but those guys are looking really
really good South Americans they go up
against secret which is gonna be the
first real real real big test for them
which will be super exciting yeah and
that will happen tomorrow we did see LGD
and og making it to the opra bracket
again two years in a row we're gonna see
them find it out well forget about that
for a bit because that's not until two
days from now but that lower bracket
will have a portion of that played out
tomorrow we're gonna kick it off with
orangey versus liquid and the winner of
that will face Iggy and of course as
Grant says infamous facing secret it's
gonna meet all it's gotta be a very
exciting one I think we haven't seen a
series yet with the secret that is not
exciting and that might be a little bit
scary for them because they you know
that's normally because they mess up but
it's exciting
exactly you can't mess
because you know exactly what they're
gonna do they've been playing the exact
same strategy the whole time it says
Chris Lux Schofield we're gonna make
insane amounts of space Hector is the
most efficient man
I mean 99% Midas timing easy an absolute
beast
he is indeed beast as well are the 10
players that you'll see tomorrow in the
all-star match all-star matches all
random death match and remember today is
Thursday tomorrow's Friday and you're
locked in by the end of today so you got
a pick a player because depending on how
good that player performs you're gonna
get battle paws levels that's right free
stuff free items and there's a
teamradiant
there is 18 dire I know Trent's got his
money set on Tim's or rather his battle
paws levels in this case tsunami who you
got
I got Ramses you got room I think I
think the play is to pick an eliminated
player and they've got they've got no no
pressure remaining or anything they're
just there for the glory maybe other
players you know they'll let the let the
rains be handled by the eliminated ones
sure you want to show off because you
never know what's gonna happen to the
shuffle you wanna prove that you can
play through not you know no pressure